* Cover
Cover{{{1
![Cover](images/cover.jpg)


* Contents
Contents{{{1
# **Contents**

  

[Title Page](body.xhtml)

[Copyright (Smashwords)](body1.xhtml)

[What Readers Are Saying](body2.xhtml)

[Dedication](body3.xhtml)

[Chapter One](body4.xhtml)

[Chapter Two](body5.xhtml)

[Chapter Three](body6.xhtml)

[Chapter Four](body7.xhtml)

[Chapter Five](body8.xhtml)

[Chapter Six](body9.xhtml)

[Chapter Seven](body10.xhtml)

[Chapter Eight](body11.xhtml)

[Chapter Nine](body12.xhtml)

[Chapter Ten](body13.xhtml)

[Chapter Eleven](body14.xhtml)

[Chapter Twelve](body15.xhtml)

[Chapter Thirteen](body16.xhtml)

[Chapter Fourteen](body17.xhtml)

[Chapter Fifteen](body18.xhtml)

[Chapter Sixteen](body19.xhtml)

[Chapter Seventeen](body20.xhtml)

[Chapter Eighteen](body21.xhtml)

[Chapter Nineteen](body22.xhtml)

[Chapter Twenty](body23.xhtml)

[Chapter Twenty-One](body24.xhtml)

[Chapter Twenty-Two](body25.xhtml)

[Chapter Twenty-Three](body26.xhtml)

[Chapter Twenty-Four](body27.xhtml)

[Chapter Twenty-Five](body28.xhtml)

[Chapter Twenty-Six](body29.xhtml)

[Chapter Twenty-Seven](body30.xhtml)

[Chapter Twenty-Eight](body31.xhtml)

[Epilogue](body32.xhtml)


* Title Page
Title Page{{{1
****

****  

****  

****  

**FIRST CONTACT**

**In Her Name, Book 1**

****  

Michael R. Hicks


* Copyright (Smashwords)
Copyright (Smashwords){{{1
  

  

  

This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations and events
portrayed in this novel are products of the author’s imagination or are used
fictitiously.

  

ISBN: 9780984492725

FIRST CONTACT (IN HER NAME, BOOK 1)

  

Copyright © 2009 by Imperial Guard Publishing, LLC

  

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or portions
thereof, in any form.

  

Published by Imperial Guard Publishing, LLC

[AuthorMichaelHicks.com](http://authormichaelhicks.com)

  

Smashwords Edition

  

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be
re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book
with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If
you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for
your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own
copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


* What Readers Are Saying
What Readers Are Saying{{{1
****

****  

****  

****  

**WHAT READERS ARE SAYING**

  

"This book is EXACTLY what I expect of a good sci-fi book. Between the depth
of the characters and the extent of the backstory, I quickly lost myself in
this wonderful novel. The only downer for me was turning the last page, and
there not being any more pages!"

  

"Be warned that once you start reading this book, it would be very hard to put
it down. Requirements: 1. alarm clock - to remind you that you have to go to
work today. 2. Another alarm clock to remind you of meal times. 3. A very
understanding wife."

  

"Michael Hicks has shown great mastery of his subject. This is the Harry
Potter of SciFi."

  

"I took a chance on the first volume of this series and couldn't stop reading
until I had finished it all. Although military science fiction is not usually
my first choice, an engrossing plot line, a fully developed alien culture and
thoughtful characters held my attention and left me wanting more."

  

"The _In Her Name_ series is great. When an author can tell a story of
humanity's interactions with an alien race, and make you feel like you know
alien people and their culture, I feel like a wonderful job of "universe
building" has been done. Also great military story-telling. Great job,
Michael!"

  

"This is the most I have enjoyed a series since C.J. Cherryh's _Compact Space_
series, and goes miles beyond anything I have read in the last decade. If you
want a good read, and a fantastic universe to bury yourself in...this one is
high on the mark."

  

"I found myself reading until 2-3 AM. Lots of action and good character
development. Highly recommend this series."

  

"This series is well worth the money. I buy books all the time, and some are
the same cookie-cutter formula as the next; I didn't get that feeling from
this collection of books. This may be the first author I can rank next to
Heinlein and Asimov on my bookshelf in a very long time."

  

"The last time I was so hung-up on a book it was _Pillars of the Earth_. I
read fast because I couldn't wait to find out what happened next and then
slowed down because I didn't want it to end. I just couldn't slow down on
these books."

  

"Michael Hicks apparently channels the blood of Heinlein and Asimov in his
veins. I read all three of these books in 3 days. As a SF fan from the 1950's
and 1960's, I grew up with the ‘greats’ of SF and the Trekkies. However, in
recent years SF has failed to ignite that sense of wonder and I had stopped
reading anything new. This series, _In Her Name_ , is absolutely amazing."


* Dedication
Dedication{{{1
__

__  

__  

__  

_For all the men and women  
whose service and sacrifice keep us free._


* Chapter One
Chapter One{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER ONE**

  

Captain Owen McClaren was extremely tense, although a casual observer would
never have thought so. Commanding the survey vessel _TNS Aurora_ , he was one
of the best officers in the fleet, and to his crew he had never appeared as
anything but calm and in control. Even when one of the ship’s newly refitted
reactors had suffered a breach during their last run into dry dock, McClaren’s
deep voice had never wavered, his fatherly face had never betrayed a hint of
fear or apprehension as he personally directed the engineering watch to
contain the breach. A man of unusual physical and moral courage, he was the
perfect captain for the exploratory missions the _Aurora_ and her sister ships
mounted into distant space, seeking new homes for humanity.

McClaren had made thousands of jumps in his twenty-year career, but every one
was like the very first: an adrenaline joyride. As the transpace sequence
wound down to zero, his heart would begin to pound and his muscles tensed like
spring steel. It wasn’t fear that made him react that way, although there were
enough things that could go wrong with a jump to make fear a natural enough
reaction.

No, what made the forty-three-year-old former middleweight boxing champion of
the Terran Naval Academy hold the arms of his command chair in a white-knuckle
grip wasn’t fear. It was anticipation. To _Aurora’s_ captain, every jump,
particularly out here in uncharted space, was a potential winning lottery
ticket, the discovery of a lifetime. No matter where the _Aurora_ wound up, as
long as she arrived safely, there was bound to be a wealth of astrogational
information to help human starships travel ever farther from Man’s birthplace:
Earth.

On rare occasions, precious habitable planets were to be found. Finding such
systems was the primary goal of the survey ships. McClaren was currently the
fleet’s leading “ace,” with twelve habitable planets to his credit in return
for nearly fifteen years of ship-time, sailing through uncharted space.

“Stand by for transpace sequence,” the pilot announced, her words echoing
through every passageway and compartment in the _Aurora’s_ five hundred meter
length.

McClaren tensed even more, his strong arm and back muscles flexing
instinctively as if he were back in the ring, preparing to land a solid upper
cut to the chin of an imaginary opponent. But his calm expression never
wavered. “Very well,” he answered, his dark brown eyes drinking in the growing
torrent of information on the navigation display.

“Computer auto-lock engaged,” interjected a faux female voice reassuringly.
McClaren always had to suppress a grimace: the one thing he had never liked
about _Aurora_ was the computer’s voice. It reminded him too much of his first
wife.

For the next few seconds, the crew was little more than excess baggage as the
ship’s computer guided the transition from hyperspace back into the
Einsteinian universe with a precision measured in quadrillionths of a second.
While the bridge, which was buried deep in the _Aurora’s_ core habitation
section, had no direct observation windows, the wraparound display depicted
the eerie streams of light that swirled around the ship in complete detail.
But what the human eye saw in the maelstrom of quantum physics beyond the
ship’s hyperdrive field was an illusion. It was real in one sense, but in
another it wasn’t. Space and time as humans commonly understood it did not
exist in this realm. As the captain of a starship, McClaren had to understand
both the theory and the practical application of hyperspace and the means to
travel through it. But he was content in the knowledge that he never could
have come up with the breakthroughs that allowed this miracle to happen: he
stood on the shoulders of the scientific giants who had made the first test
jump into hyperspace long before he was born.

While in hyperspace, the display would normally show the computer’s assessment
of the relative location of stars and other known celestial waypoints as the
ship moved along its straight-line (relatively speaking) course. But McClaren
always cleared the display to show what was really outside the ship just
before they dropped back into normal space. It was a sight he never tired of.

“Ten seconds...” the computer’s voice began counting down to the transition.
“Five...four...three...two...one....sequence initiated. Hyperspace Engines
disengaged.”

The display suddenly shifted, the swirling light streams condensing into a
bright yellow sun against a background of stars. McClaren knew that the system
had several planets; gravitational perturbations observed from their last jump
point had confirmed that much. The question was whether there were any
orbiting at a distance from the star where water could exist as a liquid. For
where there was liquid water, there was the possibility of carbon-based life.
The trick now was to find them. Planets were huge close up, but in the vast
expanse of a star system they seemed incredibly small.

“Engineering confirms hyperspace engines are secure, sir,” the executive
officer, Lieutenant Commander Rajesh Kumar, reported. “Engineering is ready to
answer all bells, and the ship is secured for normal space.”

Nodding his thanks to his exec, McClaren turned to the most important person
currently on the bridge: the navigator. “Raisa, what’s the word?”

The navigator looked like she would have given McClaren a run for his money in
the boxing ring. Big-boned and heavily muscled, Lieutenant Raisa Marisova had
in fact been a champion wrestler in her college years. But it was her genius
at stellar astrogation that had won her a place on the _Aurora’s_ all-
volunteer crew.

“Well...” she murmured as she rechecked her readings for what McClaren knew
was probably the fifth time in the few moments the ship had dropped back into
normal space. Raisa was always able to confirm the ship’s emergence point so
quickly because her calculations for pointing the various telescopes and other
sensors at known stars to make a positional fix were always so precise. “It
seems we are...right where we are supposed to be,” she said as she turned and
smiled at her captain, “give or take a few meters. We’re above the ecliptic
plane based on our pre-jump survey information. Now it’s up to the survey team
to find your next habitable planet, captain.”

McClaren grinned, then opened a channel to the entire ship. “Well, crew, it
looks like we’ve made another successful jump, and emerged right on target.
The bad news is that we’re even farther out in the Middle of Nowhere. But
that’s what they pay us for. Great job, everyone.” The last few words were
more than just a token verbal pat on the back: he truly meant it. Unlike most
transits that took regular ships into hyperspace for a few days or even a week
or two, the _Aurora_ routinely made jumps that lasted for weeks or months.
While McClaren’s crew made it look easy, he knew quite well that an amazing
amount of planning and preparation went into every jump, and his crew followed
it up with painstaking diligence every moment they were in hyperspace. It
wasn’t just that they didn’t want to wind up somewhere other than where they
had planned, or because their captain expected perfection. It was because they
had no intention of settling for second best. Period. “Everybody gets an extra
round on me when we get back to the barn. Carry on.”

The bridge crew grinned at one another: the captain ran up a huge bar tab on
every mission, but he never failed to deliver when the ship made port.

They had no way of knowing that all but one of them would be dead in a few
short hours.

* * *

_The stranger’s arrival was no surprise to the Imperial warships that orbited
the Settlements on the third and fourth planets from the star. While even the
greatly advanced technology of the Empire could not track ships while in
hyperspace, they could easily detect the gravity spikes of vessels about to
emerge in normal space. The stranger had been detected many hours before, as
measured in the time of humans._

_While this system was at the distant edge of the Empire, far from the
Homeworld and the Empress, its defenses were not lacking: of the dozens of
starships in orbit around the two settled worlds and the hundreds plying the
asteroid belt, four were battlecruisers built within the last century. Humans
might have considered them old, until they understood that the warriors of the
Empire had sailed among the stars for over one hundred thousand of Earth’s
years. Even the most ancient of Her warships still plying the void between the
stars was tens of thousands of years more advanced than the arriving stranger.
Humans would barely have recognized them as starships._

_But the warriors charged with protecting this far-flung system had no way of
knowing the primitive nature of the incoming stranger. Nor would they have
cared. The Empire had encountered other sentient races over the millennia, and
the first contact protocol was no different now than it had been in ages past:
the stranger would be greeted with overwhelming force._

_In unison, the four enormous battlecruisers left orbit for the gravity
anomaly at maximum velocity, safe behind shields that could protect them from
titanic energy discharges and made them all but invisible to anything but
direct visual observation. _

_Behind them, smaller warships and the planetary defense systems prepared to
welcome the new arrival should it prove more than a match for the great
warships sent to greet it._

* * *

“Bridge, this is Survey...”

Captain McClaren frowned despite himself. He knew that Lieutenant Amundsen’s
survey team worked fast, but they had been in-system less than fifteen
minutes. It often took days for them to identify the orbits of any planets in
the temperate zone unless they had extensive perturbation data on the star or
stars in the system. And that they rarely had: humanity’s rapid expansion to
the stars didn’t allow for years-long observations of any given star. His
frown deepened as he took in the expression on Amundsen’s face in the comms
display. The normally very reserved man was uncharacteristically excited. And
just as frightened. “What is it, Jens?”

“Sir...” Amundsen began, his pale blue eyes darting away momentarily to
another display. “Captain...we’ve confirmed not just one, but _two_ planets in
the temperate zone...”

“Hot damn!” McClaren couldn’t help himself. One planet that might have liquid
water was miracle enough. Their pre-jump analysis had suggested there was one,
but two had been too much to hope for. “That’s fantastic!”

“Sir...they’re both inhabited,” Amundsen said in hoarse whisper. Normally a
quiet man, often more at home with the stars and planets than his fellow human
beings, the volume of his voice dropped with every word. “We didn’t have to
find their orbits. We found them from their neutrino and infrared readings.”
He paused. “I’ve...I’ve never seen anything like this. Even Sol system doesn’t
have this level of activity. The two planets in the temperate zone are highly
industrialized. There are other points of activity throughout the asteroid
belt, and on several moons orbiting a solitary gas giant. We have also
observed ships through the primary telescope. Hundreds of them. They
are...nothing like ours.”

The captain sat back, stunned. _First contact_ , he thought. Humans had
explored thousands of star systems and endless volumes of space, but had never
once encountered another sentient species. They had found life aplenty on the
hundred-odd discovered worlds that would support human life or could be
terraformed. From humble bacteria to massive predators that would have been at
home with Earth’s dinosaurs, life in the Universe was as expansive as it was
diverse if you looked long and far enough. But no one had discovered a single
sign of sentient life beyond the mark _homo sapiens_ had left behind in his
celestial travels.

Until now.

“Jesus,” the captain breathed, conscious now of the entire bridge crew staring
at him. They hadn’t heard Amundsen’s words, but they immediately picked up on
the captain’s reaction. “XO,” he ordered, pulling his mind back to the here
and now, “let’s have the first contact protocols.” He looked pointedly at
Kumar. “I want to make damn sure these folks understand we’re harmless.”

“Aye, sir,” Kumar replied crisply as his fingers flew over his terminal.
“Coming up on display one.” A segment of the bridge wraparound screen darkened
as the standing orders for first contact appeared.

“Lieutenant Amundsen,” McClaren ordered, “let’s see some of these ships of
yours on display two.”

“Sir.” Amundsen’s face bobbed about slightly in the captain’s comms terminal
as he patched the telescope feed to another segment of the main bridge
display.

“Lord of All,” someone whispered. The _Aurora’s_ primary telescope was nearly
ten meters across, and dominated the phalanx of survey instruments mounted in
the massive spherical section that made up the ship’s bow. Normally used to
search for and map stellar and planetary bodies, it could also be pressed into
service to provide high magnification visuals of virtually anything, even
moving objects that were relatively close, such as nearby (in terms of a
stellar system) ships.

But what it showed now was as unlike the _Aurora_ as she herself was unlike a
wooden sailing ship. While the _Aurora_ was largely a collection of
cylindrical sections attached to a sturdy keel that ran from the engineering
section at the stern to the instrumentation cluster at the bow, the alien ship
displayed on the bridge display was insectile in appearance, her hull made up
of sleek curves that gave McClaren the impression of a gigantic wasp.

“Why does the focus keep shifting?” Marisova asked into the sudden silence
that had descended on the bridge. The alien vessel shimmered in the display as
if a child were twisting an imaginary focus knob for the primary telescope
back and forth, taking the image in and out of focus.

“That’s what I was about to say,” Amundsen answered, McClaren now having
shifted the survey team leader’s image onto yet a third segment of the bridge
display. Before he had seemed both excited and frightened. Now it was clear
that fear was crowding out his excitement. “That is one of at least four ships
that is heading directly toward us from the outer habitable planet. The reason
you are seeing the focusing anomaly is because the ships are moving at an
incredible velocity, and the telescope cannot hold the image in alignment.
Even what you see here has been enhanced with post-processing.” He visibly
gulped. “Captain, they knew we were coming, hours, possibly even a few days,
before we arrived. They knew right where we were going to be, and they must
have left orbit before we arrived. They _must_ have. It’s theoretically
possible to predict a hyperspace emergence, but...we now know that it’s not
just a theory.” He looked again at one of his off-screen displays, then back
to the monitor. “I don’t know exactly what their initial acceleration rate
was, but they’re now moving so fast that the light we’re seeing reflected from
their hulls is noticeably blue-shifted. I estimate their current velocity is
roughly five percent of C.”

_Five percent of the speed of light_ , McClaren thought, incredulous. _Nearly
fifteen thousand kilometers per second_. _And they didn’t take much time to
reach it_.

“I’m trying to estimate their acceleration rate, but it must be-”

“A lot higher than we could ever achieve,” McClaren cut him off, looking
closely at the wavering image of the alien vessel. “Any idea how big she is?”

“I have no data to estimate her length,” Amundsen replied, “but I estimate the
beam of this ship to be roughly five hundred meters. I can only assume that
her length is considerably more, but we won’t know until we get a more oblique
view.”

“That ship is five hundred meters _wide_?” Kumar asked, incredulous. _Aurora_
herself was barely that long from stem to stern. While she was by no means the
largest starship built by human hands, she was usually the largest vessel in
whatever port she put into.

“Yes,” Amundsen told him. “And the other three ships are roughly the same
size.”

“Christ,” someone whispered.

“Raj,” McClaren said, turning to his exec. “Thoughts?”

“Communications is running the initial first contact sequence now.” He turned
to face the captain. “Our signals will take roughly thirty minutes to reach
the inner planets, but those ships...” He shook his head. “They’re close
enough now that they should have already received our transmissions. If
they’re listening.” He looked distinctly uncomfortable. “If I were a betting
man, I would say those were warships.”

McClaren nodded grimly. “Comms,” he looked over at Ensign John Waverly, “keep
stepping through the first contact communications sequence. Just make sure
that we’re listening, too.”

“I’m on it, sir,” the young man replied. Waverly seemed incredibly young, but
like the rest of _Aurora’s_ crew, he did his job exceptionally well. “I’m well
versed in the FCP procedures, sir. So far, though, I haven’t come across any
emissions anywhere in the standard spectrum, other than what Lieutenant
Amundsen’s team have already reported. If they use anything anywhere in the
radio frequency band, we’re sure not seeing it. And I haven’t identified any
coherent light sources, either.”

_So, no radio and no communications lasers_ , McClaren thought uneasily. Even
though the aliens knew that company was coming, they had remained silent. Or
if they were talking, they were using some form of transmission that was
beyond what _Aurora_ was capable of seeing or hearing. Maybe the aliens were
beyond such mundane things as radio- and light-based communications?

“How long until those ships get here?” McClaren asked Amundsen, whose worried
face still stared out from the bridge display screen. _Aurora_ herself was
motionless relative to her emergence point: McClaren never moved in-system on
a survey until they knew much more about their environment than they did now.
And it made for a much more convenient reference point for a rapid jump-out.

“At their current velocity, they would overshoot us in just under three hours.
But, of course, they will need to decelerate to meet us...”

“That depends on their intentions,” Kumar interjected. “They could attack as
they pass by...”

“Or they could simply stop,” Marisova observed quietly. Everyone turned to
gape at her. “We know nothing about their drive systems,” she explained.
“Nothing about those ships registers on our sensors other than direct visuals.
What if they achieved their current velocity nearly instantaneously when they
decided to head out to meet us?”

“Preposterous,” Amundsen exclaimed. “That’s simply not possible!”

“But-”

“Enough, people,” McClaren said quietly. “Beyond the obviously impressive
capabilities of the aliens, it all boils down to this: do we stay or do we
go?” He looked around at his bridge crew, then opened a channel to the entire
ship. “Crew, this is the captain. As I’m sure most of you are now aware, the
system we’ve entered is inhabited. We’re in a first contact situation. The
_only_ first contact situation anyone has ever faced. So what we do now is
going to become part of The Book that will tell others either how to do it
right, or how not to do it if we royally screw things up. I’ll be completely
honest with you: I’m not happy with the situation. We’ve got four big ships
heading toward us in an awful hurry. They could be warships. I don’t blame
whoever these folks are for sending out an armed welcoming committee. If it
were my home, I’d send some warships out to take a look, too.

“But I’d also make sure to send some diplomats along: people who want to talk
with their new neighbors. What bothers me is that we haven’t seen anything,
from the ships or the two inhabited planets, that looks like any sort of
communication. Maybe they’re just using something we can’t pick up. Maybe the
ships coming our way are packed with scientists and ambassadors and they want
to make it a big surprise. I just don’t know.

“What I do know is that we’ve got about three hours to make a decision and
take action. My inclination is to stay. Not to try and score the first
handshake with an alien, but because...it’s our first opportunity to say hello
to another sentient race. We’ve been preparing for this moment since before
the very first starship left Earth. It’s a risk, but it’s also the greatest
opportunity humanity has ever had.

“So here’s what we’re going to do. We’ve got a little bit of time to discuss
our options before our new friends reach us. Department heads, talk to your
people. Get a feel for what they’re thinking. Then all department heads and
the senior chiefs are to meet in my ready room in exactly one hour. I’ll make
the final decision on whether we stay or go, but I want to hear what you all
have to say. That is all.” He punched the button on the touchpad, closing the
circuit.

“In the meantime,” he told Kumar and Marisova, “get an emergency jump sequence
lined up. Pick a destination other than our inbound vector. If these ships
come in with guns blazing, the last thing I want to do is point them back the
way we came, toward home.”

On the display screen, the alien ship and her sisters continued toward them.

* * *

_The four battlecruisers sailed quickly to meet the alien vessel, but they
hardly revealed their true capabilities. While it was now clear that the alien
ship was extremely primitive, those who guarded the Empire took nothing for
granted. They would reveal no more about themselves than absolutely necessary
until they were sure the new arrival posed no threat. The Empire had not
lasted through the ages by leaving anything to chance._

_Aboard the lead ship, a group of warriors prepared for battle with the
unknown, while healers and other castes made ready to learn all there was to
know about the strangers. _

_They did not have much longer to wait._

* * *

There was standing room only in the captain’s ready room an hour later. At the
table sat the six department heads, responsible for the primary functional
areas of the ship, the _Aurora’s_ senior chief, and the captain. Along the
walls of the now-cramped compartment stood the senior enlisted member of each
department and the ship’s two midshipmen. The XO and the bridge crew remained
at their stations, although they were tied in through a video feed on the
bridge wraparound display.

The emotional tension ran high among the people in the room, McClaren could
easily see. But from the body language and the expressions on their faces it
wasn’t from fear, but excited anticipation. It was an emotion he fully shared.

“I’m not going to waste any time on preliminaries,” he began. “You all know
what’s going on and what’s at stake. According to the Survey Department,” he
nodded at Amundsen, who was the only one around the table who looked
distinctly unhappy, “the ships haven’t changed course or velocity. So it looks
like they’re either going to blow by us, which I think would probably be bad
news, or their technology is so radically advanced that they can stop on a
proverbial dime.”

At that, the survey leader’s frown grew more pronounced, turning his normally
pale face into a grimace.

“Amundsen?” McClaren asked. “You’ve got something to say. Spit it out.”

“I think Lieutenant Marisova was right,” he said grudgingly, nodding toward
the video pickup that showed the meeting to the bridge crew. But McClaren knew
that it wasn’t because Marisova had said it. It was because he was afraid to
believe that what she said could possibly be true, or even close to the truth.
“I don’t believe they could accelerate to their current velocity
instantaneously, but even assuming several days’ warning - even weeks! - the
acceleration they must have achieved would have to have been...unbelievable.”
He shook his head. “No. I believe those ships will not simply pass by us. They
will slow down and rendezvous with us sometime in the next two hours,
decelerating at a minimum of two hundred gees. Probably much more.”

A chill ran down McClaren’s spine. _Aurora_ had the most efficient
reactionless drives in service by any of the many worlds colonized by Mankind,
and was one of the few to be fitted with artificial gravity, a recent
innovation, and acceleration dampers. She wasn’t nearly as fast as a courier
ship, certainly, but for a military survey vessel she was no slouch. But two
hundred gees? Not even close.

“Robotic ships?” Aubrey Hannan, the chief of the Engineering Section
suggested. “They could certainly handle that sort of acceleration.”

“It doesn’t matter,” McClaren interjected, gently but firmly steering the
conversation from interesting, but essentially useless, speculation back to
the issue at hand. “From my perspective, it doesn’t matter how fast the aliens
can maneuver. We’re not a warship, and I have no intention of masquerading as
one. It’s clear they have radically advanced technology. That’s not
necessarily a surprise; we could have just as easily stumbled upon a world in
the pre-atomic era, and we would be the high-tech aliens. Our options remain
the same: stay and say hello, or jump out with what I hope is a fat safety
margin before they get here.” He glanced around and his gaze landed on the
junior midshipman. “Midshipman Sato, what’s your call?”

Ichiro Sato, already standing ramrod straight against the bulkhead, stiffened
even further. All of nineteen years old, he was the youngest member of the
crew. Extremely courteous, conscientious, and intelligent, he was well
respected by the other members of the crew, although his rigid outer shell was
a magnet for good-natured ribbing. Exceptionally competent and a fast learner,
he kept quietly to himself. He was one of a select few from the Terran Naval
Academy who were chosen to spend one or more of their academy years aboard
ship as advanced training as junior officers. It was a great opportunity, but
came with a hefty commitment: deployed midshipmen had to continue their
academy studies while also performing their duties aboard ship.

“Sir...” Sato momentarily gulped for air, McClaren’s question having caught
him completely off-guard.

The captain felt momentarily guilty for putting Sato on the spot first, but he
had a reason. “Relax, Ichiro,” McClaren told him. “I called this meeting for
ideas. The senior officers, including myself, and the chiefs have years of
preconceived notions drilled into our heads. We’ve got years of experience,
yes, but this situation calls for a fresh perspective. If you were in my
shoes, what would your decision be? There’s no right or wrong answer to this
one.”

While Ichiro’s features didn’t betray it, the captain’s last comment caused
him even more consternation. He had been brought up in a traditional Japanese
family on Nagano, where, according to his father, everything was either
_right_ or it was _wrong_ ; there was no in-between. And more often than not,
anything Ichiro did was _wrong_. That was the main reason Ichiro had decided
to apply for service in the Terran Navy when he was sixteen: to spite his
father and escape the tyranny of his house, and to avoid the stifling life of
a salaryman trapped in the web of a hegemonic corporate world. Earth’s global
military services accepted applicants from all but a few rogue worlds, and
Ichiro’s test scores and academic record had opened the door for him to enter
the Terran Naval Academy. There, too, most everything was either right or
wrong. The difference between the academy and his home was that in the
academy, Ichiro was nearly always _right_. His unfailing determination to
succeed had given him a sense of confidence he had never known before, putting
him at the head of his class and earning him a position aboard the _Aurora_.

That realization, and his desperate desire not to lose face in front of the
captain and ship’s officers, gave him back his voice. “Sir. I believe we
should stay and greet the ships.”

McClaren nodded, wondering what had just been going on in the young man’s
mind. “Okay, you picked door number one. The question now is why?”

“Because, sir, that is why we are here, isn’t it?” Loosening up slightly from
his steel-rod pose, he turned to look at the other faces around the room, his
voice suddenly filled with a passion that none of his fellow crew members
would have ever thought possible. “While our primary mission is to find new
habitable worlds, we really are explorers, discoverers, of whatever deep space
may hold. With every jump we search for the unknown, things that no one else
has ever seen. Maybe we will not find what we hope. Perhaps these aliens are
friendly, perhaps not. There is great risk in everything we do. But, having
found the first sentient race other than humankind, can we in good conscience
simply leave without doing all we can to establish contact, even at the risk
of our own destruction?”

The captain nodded, impressed more by the young man’s unexpected burst of
emotion than his words. But his words held their own merit: they precisely
echoed McClaren’s own feelings. That was exactly why he had spent so much of
his career in survey.

“Well said, Ichiro,” he told the young man. The two midshipmen on either side
of Sato grinned and nudged him as if to say, _Good job_. Most of those seated
at the table nodded or murmured their agreement. “So, there’s an argument, and
I believe a good one, for staying. Who’s got one for bailing out right now?”

“I’ll take that one, sir,” Raj Kumar spoke up from the bridge, his image
appearing on the primary screen in the ready room. “I myself agree with
Midshipman Sato that we should stay. But one compelling argument for leaving
now is to make sure that the news of this discovery gets back home. If the
aliens should turn out to be hostile and this ship is taken, or even if we
should suffer some unexpected mishap, Earth and the rest of human space may
never know until they’re attacked. And we have no way to let anyone know of
our discovery without jumping back to the nearest communications relay.”

That produced a lot of frowns on the faces around the table. Most of them had
thought of this already, of course, but having it voiced directly gave it more
substance.

Kumar went on, “That’s also a specification in the first contact protocols,
that one of the top priorities is to get word back home. But the bottom line
is that any actions taken are at the captain’s discretion based on the
situation as he or she sees it.”

“Right,” McClaren told everyone. “Getting word back home is the only real
reason I’ve been able to come up with myself for leaving now that isn’t tied
to fear of the unknown. And since all of us signed up to get paid to go find
the unknown, as the good midshipman pointed out, those reasons don’t count.”
He turned to the woman sitting to his left. “Chief, what’s your take?”

Master Chief Brenda Harkness was the senior enlisted member of the crew, and
her word carried a great deal of weight with McClaren. Completely at odds with
the stereotype of someone of her rank, she was a tall, slim, and extremely
attractive woman in her late thirties. But no one who had ever worked with her
for more than five minutes ever took her for granted: she was a hard-core Navy
lifer who never dished out bullshit and refused to tolerate it from anyone
else. She would move mountains to help anyone who needed it, but her beautiful
deep hazel eyes could just as easily burn holes in the skin of anyone foolish
enough to cross her.

“I think we should stay, captain,” she said, a light Texas drawl flavoring her
smooth voice. “I completely agree with the XO’s concerns about getting word of
this back home, but with the alien ships so close now...” She shook her head.
“I can’t imagine that they’d be anything but insulted if we just up and
disappeared on them.”

“And the crew?” McClaren asked.

“Everyone I had a chance to talk to, and that was most of them, wanted to
stay. A lot of them are uneasy about those ships, but as you said, we just
happen to be the ‘primitives’ in this situation. We’d be stupid to not be
afraid, sir. But I think we’d be even more stupid to just pack up and go
home.”

All of the other department heads nodded their agreement. Each had talked to
their people, too, and almost without exception the crew had wanted to stay
and meet with the aliens.

It was what McClaren expected. He would have been shocked had they come to any
other conclusion. “Okay, that settles it. We stay.” That brought a round of
bright, excited smiles to everyone but Amundsen, whose face was locked in an
unhappy grimace. “But here’s the deal: the XO and navigator have worked out an
emergency jump sequence, just in case. We’ll spool up the jump engines to the
pre-interlock stage and hold them there until we feel more confident of the
aliens’ intentions. We can keep the engines spooled like that for several
hours without running any risks in engineering. If those ships are friendly,
we get to play galactic tourist and buy them the first round at the bar.

“But if they’re not,” he looked pointedly at Amundsen, “we engage the jump
interlock and the navigation computer will have us out of here in two
minutes.” That made the survey leader slightly less unhappy, but only
slightly. “Okay, does anybody have anything else they want to add before we
set up the reception line?”

“Sir...” Sato said formally, again at a position of attention.

“Go ahead, son.”

“Captain, I know this may sound foolish,” he glanced at Amundsen, who was at
the table with his back to Sato, “but should we not also take steps to secure
the navigation computer in case the ships prove hostile? If they took the
ship, there is probably little they would learn of our technology that would
be of value to them. But the navigation charts...”

“It’s already taken care of, midshipman,” Kumar reassured him from the bridge
with an approving smile. Second year midshipmen like Sato weren’t expected to
know anything about the first contact protocols, but the boy was clearly
thinking on his feet. Kumar’s already high respect for him rose yet another
notch. “That’s on the very short list of ‘non-discretionary’ actions on first
contact. We’ve already prepared a soft wipe of the data, and a team from
engineering is setting charges around the primary core.” He held up both
hands, then simulated pushing buttons down with his thumbs. “If we get into
trouble, _Aurora’s_ hull is all they’ll walk away with.”

_And us_ , Amundsen thought worriedly.

* * *

_The alien ship had activated its jump drive. While primitive, it was clearly
based on the same principles used by Imperial starships. Such technology was
an impressive accomplishment for any species, and gave the warriors hope that
once again they had found worthy adversaries among the stars._

_But the aliens would not - could not - be allowed to leave. Together, the
battlecruisers moved in..._

* * *

“Jump engines are spooled up, captain,” Kumar reported from his console. The
jump coordinates were locked in. All they had to do was engage the computer
interlock and _Aurora_ would disappear into hyperspace inside of two minutes.

“Very well, XO,” McClaren replied, his eyes fixed intently on the four titanic
ships, all of which were now shown clearly in the main bridge display.

Suddenly the ships leaped forward, closing the remaining ten million
kilometers in an instant.

“What the devil...” McClaren exclaimed in surprise, watching as the alien
vessels just as suddenly slowed down to take up positions around his ship.

“Sir,” Kumar exclaimed, “they must’ve picked up the jump engines activating! I
recommend we jump-”

“Execute!” McClaren barked, a cold sliver of ice sliding into his gut. Then he
jabbed the button on his command console to open a channel to the crew.
“General quarters! Man your battle stations and prepare for emergency jump!”

“Interlock engaged,” came the unhurried and unconcerned voice of _Aurora’s_
navigation computer. “Transpace countdown commencing. Primary energy buffer
building. Two minutes remaining.”

McClaren looked at his command console, willing the countdown to run faster.
But it was a hard-coded safety lock. There was no way to override it.

“Navigation lock confirmed-”

“ _Captain!_ ” someone shouted.

McClaren looked up at the screen as a stream of interwoven lightning arced
from the bow of the alien ship that had taken up position in front of them,
hitting _Aurora’s_ spherical sensor section. Its effect was instantaneous.

“ _Jesus!_ ” someone screamed as what looked like St. Elmo’s fire suddenly
exploded from every control console and electrical system on the ship. The
dancing display of electric fury went on to cover everything, even the
clothing of the crew. The entire ship was suddenly awash in electrical
discharges.

But it clearly wasn’t simple electricity. There was no smoke or heat from
overloaded circuits, and no one was injured by whatever energy washed through
the ship and their own bodies. Surprised and frightened, yes. But hurt, no.

Then every single electrical system on the ship died, plunging _Aurora’s_ crew
into silent, terrifying darkness.

* * *

_Having subdued the alien ship’s simple electronic systems, the lead warship
made ready the boarding party that had been awaiting this moment. While the
great warship’s crew now knew the layout of the alien ship and all it
contained, including the aliens themselves, down to the last atom, the
boarding party would be sent without this knowledge. They would give
themselves no advantage over the aliens other than the surprise they had
already achieved; even that, they would have given up if they could. They
wished as even a field as possible, to prove their own mettle and to test that
of the strangers. In this way, as through ages past, they sought to honor
their Empress._

_As one, the thirty warriors who had bested their peers in fierce ritual
combat for the right to “greet” the strangers leaped into space toward the
alien vessel. Thirty warriors pitted against seven times as many aliens. They
hoped the odds would challenge their skills._

* * *

“ _Calm down!_ ” Chief Harkness’s voice cut through the sudden panic like a
razor. At her assigned jump station in the survey module inside the spherical
bow section, Harkness had immediately clamped down on her own fear in the
aftermath of the terrifying electrical surge that apparently had killed her
ship. She had people to take care of, and she was too much of a professional
to panic. “Listen to me,” she told the seven others in the cramped
compartment. There were still a couple of them moaning in fear. “Listen,
goddammit!” she snarled. That finally got their attention. Of all the things
in the ship they might be afraid of, she would be the first and foremost if
that helped them hold it together. “Get your heads screwed on straight. The
ship’s hull hasn’t been ruptured. We’ve still got air. That’s priority number
one. All the electrical systems must’ve been knocked out, which is why the
artificial gravity is gone, along with the lights.” The darkness was
disorienting enough, but being weightless on top of it was a cast iron bitch.
She was actually more worried that the emergency lighting hadn’t come on.
Those weren’t powered by the main electrical system, and their failure meant
that something far worse had happened to her ship than a simple, if major,
electrical blowout. “You’ve all experienced this before in training. So relax
and start acting like the best sailors in the Navy. That’s why you were picked
to serve on this ship.” She paused to listen, relieved to hear that the
sniveling had stopped, and everyone’s breathing had slowed down a bit.

“Now, feel around for the emergency lockers,” she told them. “There should be
three in here. Grab the flashlights and see if the damn things work.” While
they could survive for some time on the available oxygen, the total darkness
was going to give way to fear again if they didn’t get some light.

“Found one, chief,” someone said off to her left. There was a moment of
scrabbling around, the sound of a panel opening, then a bit of rummaging.

_Click_.

Nothing.

“Fuck,” someone else whispered.

“Try another one,” Harkness grated.

“Okay-”

Suddenly she could see something. But it wasn’t the ship’s lighting or one of
the emergency flashlights. It was like the walls themselves had begun to glow,
throwing a subdued dark blue radiance into the compartment.

“Chief, what is this stuff?” one of the ratings asked quietly, her eyes,
visible now in the ghostly light, bulging wide as she looked at the glowing
bulkheads around her.

“I don’t know,” Harkness admitted. “But whatever it is, we can see now.” The
compartment was now clearly, if softly lit. “So let’s use it and find out what
the hell’s happened to the ship.”

Then something else unexpected happened: the gravity returned. Instantly. All
eight of them slammed down on the deck in a mass of flailing limbs and
passionate curses. Fortunately, they all had been oriented more or less
upright, and no one was hurt.

“Shit,” Harkness gasped as she levered herself back onto her feet. “What the
_hell_ is going on...”

That’s when she heard the screaming.

* * *

_The warriors plunged toward the alien ship. They wore their ceremonial armor
for this ritual battle, eschewing any more powerful protection. They soared
across the distance between the ships with arms and legs outstretched,
enjoying the sight of the universe afforded by the energy shields that
invisibly surrounded them and protected them from hard vacuum. They needed no
devices to assist in maneuvering toward their target: theirs was a race that
had been plying the stars for ages, and their space-borne heritage led them to
a fearless precision that humans could only dream of. _

_They were not concerned about any pathogenic organisms the aliens carried, as
the healers who would be sent once the ship had been subdued would take care
of such matters. The scan of the alien vessel had revealed an atmosphere that,
while not optimal, was certainly breathable._

_There was no warrior priestess in this system to bear the honor of leading
them in this first encounter, but no matter. The senior warriors were well
experienced and had the blessing of the Empress: they could sense Her will in
their very blood, as She could sense what they felt. It was more a form of
empathic bonding than telepathy, but its true essence was beyond intellectual
understanding. _

_As they neared the ship, the warriors curled into a fetal position, preparing
to make contact with the alien hull. The energy shields altered their
configuration, warping into a spherical shape to both absorb the force of the
impact and force an entry point through the simple metal rushing up to meet
them._

_The first warrior reached the hull, and the energy shield seared through the
primitive alien metal, instantly opening a portal to the interior. The warrior
smoothly rolled through to land on her feet inside, quickly readjusting to the
gravity that the crew of the warship had restored for benefit of the aliens.
The energy shield remained in place behind the warrior, sealing the hole it
had created in the hull plating and containing the ship’s atmosphere._

_In only a few seconds more, all the other warriors had forced themselves
aboard the hapless vessel._

* * *

The screaming Chief Harkness heard was from Ensign Mary Withgott. Her battle
station was at a damage control point where the spherical bow section
connected to the main keel and the passageway that led to the rest of the
ship. The damage control point was on the sphere’s side of a blast proof door
that was now locked shut. She could open it manually, but wouldn’t consider it
unless she got direct orders from the captain.

“Ensign!” one of the two ratings with her shouted as a shower of burning
sparks exploded from the bulkhead above them. The two crewmen stared,
dumbstruck, as someone, some alien _thing_ , somersaulted through a huge hole
that had been burned through the hull and into the damage control compartment.

A blue-skinned nightmare clad in gleaming black armor, the alien smoothly
pirouetted toward the two crewmen, exposing fangs between dark red lips. Its
eyes were like those of a cat, flecked with silver, below a ridge of bone or
horn. The creature’s black hair was long and tightly braided, the coils
wrapped around its upper shoulders. The armored breastplate had two smoothly
contoured projections over what must be the alien equivalent of breasts. While
Withgott had no idea what the alien’s true gender (if any) might be, the
creature’s appearance was such that Withgott had the inescapable impression
that it was female, a _she_.

The alien stood there for a moment, meeting Withgott’s frightened gaze with
her own inscrutable expression. Then the sword the alien held in her right
hand hissed through the air, cleanly severing the head from the nearest
crewman. His body spasmed as his head rolled from his neck, a gout of crimson
spurting across the bulkhead behind him.

Withgott screamed, and kept on screaming as the alien turned to the second
crewman with the ferocious grace of a hunting tigress and thrust the sword
through the man’s chest.

Then the fanged nightmare came for Withgott.


* Chapter Two
Chapter Two{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWO**

  

Amundsen knew that he would probably receive a court-martial for abandoning
his post in the face of the enemy. But he had few doubts that any of the crew,
particularly himself, would survive long enough to have to worry about such
technicalities.

While he was the survey section leader, his assigned jump and battle station
wasn’t in the survey module itself, but in the main damage control point just
forward of and two decks below the bridge. Amundsen was a “plank owner” of the
_Aurora_ , having been with the ship since she was launched, and in addition
to being a first-rate astronomer, he was also an engineer who had intimate
knowledge of the ship’s systems. His job was to help the XO manage the ship’s
damage control parties during any sort of emergency, and to act as something
of an insurance policy for the ship during its many hyperspace jumps.

The compartment they were in, which in everyday use served as the lower crew
galley, had one peculiarity that was shared by only a few other compartments
in the ship: it had a real viewport, a window to the universe outside the
ship, and not just a video display.

After the inexplicable electrical hurricane had swept through the ship,
killing all the electrical systems and leaving _Aurora’s_ crew in darkness
without gravity, Amundsen had pushed himself over to the viewport to look
outside. He could see the huge alien warship off of _Aurora’s_ bow. His eyes,
which reflected more anger now than fear, took in the thing’s smoothly curving
flank, which was adorned with great runes that stretched from the pointed prow
toward the slim-waisted stern. He guessed that the ship must be at least four,
if not five, kilometers long. It would have been a beautiful marvel of
engineering if its purpose had not been so openly malevolent.

That’s when he saw them: roughly two dozen tiny forms that launched themselves
from a bay that had opened like a biological sphincter. Sailing across the few
hundred meters that now separated the two ships, he had no doubt as to their
purpose.

“Commander Kumar!” he called out to the XO, who had been trying to locate an
emergency locker in hopes of finding a light that worked. “Sir, you need to
look at this!”

“What is it, Jens?” he replied quickly, making his way over to the viewport.

“Look...” Amundsen pointed at the figures who drew rapidly closer. Over a
dozen were going to land on the main habitation section, with the others
spreading out to cover the rest of the ship. “Boarders.”

Kumar stared, openmouthed, at the approaching aliens. He didn’t want to
believe it, but there could be no other explanation after what had just
happened to the ship. “Bloody hell,” he whispered. He turned and leaped away
across the compartment, back toward the still-dead damage control console,
just as the walls, floor, and ceiling began to glow.

“What the devil?” Amundsen gasped as he pushed himself back from the bulkhead,
wondering at this latest horrific display of alien technology. Outside the
viewport, the boarding party rapidly approached.

Then the gravity came back on. Amundsen heard a loud thump and a brief cry of
pain from Kumar as the man slammed down on the deck. Amundsen fell awkwardly,
but managed to roll on his back to absorb most of the impact as he landed. He
looked across the compartment and saw the XO sprawled next to one of the
tables, his right leg twisted under him. A gleaming white sliver of bone
protruded from his left calf muscle: a compound fracture.

He quickly made his way to Kumar’s side.

“Commander...” It was then that he saw the pool of blood spreading from
beneath Kumar’s head. He felt for the man’s pulse and was rewarded with a
faint but steady beat: he was still alive, but clearly badly injured and in
need of immediate medical attention.

Kumar’s condition left Amundsen in a very difficult situation. In a battle,
which this clearly had become, his duty was to stay at his post until or
unless relieved: if engineering could get the electrical system back up, he
needed to be here to help the damage control parties get to where they were
most needed. Or do what he could to help repel boarders.

He was normally the only one posted here during a jump sequence, to act as a
partial backup to the bridge and engineering in case something went wrong with
a jump. Kumar had only been here because the captain had wanted a bit of extra
human redundancy for this particular jump contingency. But none of the half
dozen ratings who had their battle stations here had arrived after the captain
had hurriedly sounded general quarters. Amundsen figured they had either
become lost when the lights and gravity went off-line, had been trapped by the
sealed compartment doors, or had been injured like Kumar.

For now, at least, Amundsen was on his own.

He knew that he should first try to get help for Kumar, but he also
desperately wanted to get in contact with the captain. Despite the mysterious
blue glow that provided enough light to see by, and the convenience the return
of artificial gravity afforded, there was no doubt that these were engineered
somehow by the aliens. There was absolutely no question that they were now
_Aurora’s_ masters.

The thought suddenly made him uncharacteristically angry. No, more than that:
he was enraged. Amundsen had never been an excitable man, nor had he ever been
prone to anger, even in the most provocative situation. But these aliens had
attacked _his_ ship, the ship he had been with since her keel had been laid.
The ship they were playing with like a toy and treating her crew, men and
women who, while not really his friends, he had come to deeply respect, like
rats. And now they had the balls to send over a boarding party...

Something in him suddenly melted and flowed away like white-hot steel. He
hated to leave Kumar and knew that he was doing what The Book clearly said he
shouldn’t. He knew he could be shot if a court-martial found him guilty of
abandoning his post in the face of the enemy.

But when he heard the shouts that suddenly rang out down the passageway that
led to the rest of the ship, he knew that he had no more time to consider. The
boarders had arrived.

Moving quickly, he left the galley compartment and headed down the passageway
in the direction opposite from where he heard the shouting. He knew exactly
where he needed to go.

The ship’s armory.

* * *

“Damage report!” McClaren’s voice cut through the sudden darkness and eerie
sensation of weightlessness. He didn’t shout, nor did his voice contain any
trace of fear. He had always been a problem solver. This was a problem, albeit
an incredible one, and he focused himself on finding a way to solve it.

“Everything’s off-line, captain,” Raisa Marisova reported quickly from
somewhere in the absolute darkness. With Kumar down in damage control, she was
the acting first officer on the bridge. Her voice expressed her nervousness,
but she was on top of it. “All systems, including the battery-powered backups,
are dead.” She paused. “No communications, nothing. As far as I can guess, the
hull hasn’t been ruptured. I can’t hear any air escaping.”

Despite himself, McClaren smiled. _Here we are_ , he thought, _in a ship
that’s a marvel of modern technology, and in the blink of an eye we’ve been
reduced to relying on some of Mankind’s oldest sensors_. He knew that
engineering would be working on trying to get the ship’s power back up, but he
had to reestablish contact with the crew. And find out what the devil the
aliens were up to.

“Captain!” the yeoman at the communications station yelped. Her console,
followed by every surface of the bridge, began to radiate a deep blue glow.

It gave McClaren the creeps, but at least it peeled back the darkness as he
floated next to his command chair. “Take it easy,” he soothed. “Maybe the
aliens are just giving us a hand-”

The return of gravity came as an unwelcome surprise. Some of the crew had been
strapped into their positions, some hadn’t. There were several meaty thumps as
those like McClaren, who hadn’t been strapped in, unceremoniously fell to the
deck. Fortunately, no one had any injuries more serious than bruised dignity.

“Let’s get the door open,” he ordered gruffly as he stood up with as much
grace as he could manage, “and find out what’s going on in the rest of the
ship.”

Marisova led two of the other bridge crew to the door and directed them in
removing the manual access panel on the wall near the floor. It was a
cumbersome, if straightforward process of first unlocking the door (all the
major compartments of the ship automatically sealed themselves when the
hyperspace jump interlock had been engaged), and then turning a crank to open
it.

The door was open almost enough to squeeze through when McClaren heard angry
shouts and screams of fear coming from both directions down the passageway
that led fore and aft. He shoved himself sideways into the still-widening gap
in the doorway, determined to find out what was happening. Looking down the
passageway toward the bow, he couldn’t see anyone. They’d be in the
compartments, not running around in the passageways, but that’s where most of
the screaming was coming from.

Suddenly he felt what could only be Marisova’s powerful grip around his arm,
yanking him bodily from the doorway, back into the bridge.

“What the devil-” was all he had time to say as the blade of a sword cleaved
the air where he had just been.

“Close the door!” Marisova barked at the two stunned crewmen who were still
cranking the door open. _“Shut it now!”_ She had seen the alien rush up behind
the captain as he struggled in the doorway, and hadn’t paused to think. She
had just reacted, grabbing her skipper and using her considerable strength to
pull him back just as the creature attacked.

McClaren faced the thing that stood on the other side of the doorway, baring
its fangs at him. It pointed its sword at his chest, and he noticed the black
rapier claws on its hands flexing just as the door slid closed.

* * *

Ichiro Sato fought to control his fear. It was an oily, slippery sensation
that coiled and uncoiled in his gut. It wasn’t because of whatever had
happened to the ship that had cast them into darkness and shut down the
artificial gravity. It wasn’t the fear that the aliens might be hostile.

It was the dark. It was always the dark. His roommates at the academy had
always thought him strange for keeping a tiny flashlight by his bedside. He
claimed that it was simply in case of emergency, a prudent preparation for the
unknown. He rarely used it anymore, but even at the age of nineteen the fear
would sometimes come back. He would wake up in a cold sweat, panic welling in
his chest until his hand found the comforting shape of the light, itself no
bigger than his thumb. Just touching it would usually reassure him enough that
he could control his raging fear, but sometimes he had to turn it on. Just to
peel away the darkness.

When he was a young boy and his father was particularly displeased with him,
which was often, he would lock Ichiro in a tiny closet in their apartment. His
father had gone to great trouble to ensure that there was enough air, but that
absolutely no light penetrated his son’s prison. And there Ichiro would have
to sit, silently, until his father chose to release him. If the boy made so
much as a whimper, his father would drag him out and beat him and then throw
him in for even longer. Breaking the unwritten law of female submission that
was typical for many families on Nagano, his mother had tried to stop her
husband once. He had beaten her savagely, and she had been greatly shamed when
she had to go out in public. Until the bruises healed. After that...

Ichiro shook himself. _The past is gone_ , he told himself. _Focus on now_.
Reaching into his tunic with a shaking hand, he removed the tiny flashlight he
always kept with him. He squeezed it to turn it on, but nothing happened. Like
everything else electrical in the ship, it was dead.

He felt a wave of panic rise like bile in his throat.

“Ichiro, are you okay?” a disembodied voice asked quietly from the darkness.
He suddenly found a comforting hand on his arm. It was Anna Zalenski, the
senior of the three midshipmen. Ichiro was a second year at the academy, she
was a fourth year. He felt her hand move down to take his. Ashamed that he
needed such comfort, he nonetheless returned the reassuring squeeze she gave
him. He also silently thanked her for not bombarding him with any reassuring
_it’ll be all right_ platitudes.

He got his breathing under control. He told himself firmly that it would
indeed be all right. The captain would know what to do.

A burst of what was no doubt a very poetic curse in Chinese filled the
compartment as Petty Officer Yao struggled in the dark to get the hatch from
auxiliary engineering open. While China and Japan on Earth had never exactly
gotten along famously, Ichiro had taken an immediate liking to Yao Ming. It
was a feeling that was echoed by the older enlisted man toward the young
midshipman, although Yao would never have publicly admitted it. A human
encyclopedia of curses (in Mandarin, of course, with happily provided
translations into standard English, which had come to be known simply as
“Standard”) who always wore a smile, Yao was also a genius with computers. He
had been offered the chance to go to officer candidate school numerous times,
but had politely declined. “If I did that,” he had said in his very formal
Standard grammar, “I can no longer do that at which I am best.” The logic was
irrefutable. He had no higher ambitions than to be just what he was.

Not surprisingly, his post was in the computer operations center, which itself
was separate from the physical computer core, down toward the engineering
section. And since Ichiro and Zalenski had demonstrated very high aptitudes
for applied computing, it had only made sense for the captain to assign them
to Yao as a mentor. “Just don’t repeat anything he teaches you in Mandarin in
a bar,” the captain had warned them with a smile, “or you’ll wind up with
somebody swinging a chair at your head.”

Yao had taken on the youngsters eagerly, teaching them all he could and
enjoying their company immensely. Over the six months they had been together,
the three had become close friends (although Ichiro still hid his feelings).
The midshipmen reminded Yao of his own children, whom he missed terribly.

The compartment suddenly began to glow as if it were radioactive, and Yao
uttered another passionate stream of expletives.

Ichiro could see him now, crouched down by the door. The access panel was
open, and he carefully cranked the handle a few times, opening the door just a
hair.

“I wished to verify that the passageway was still holding atmosphere,” he told
them, almost as an aside. “I had not heard any sounds of decompression, but
one may never be too careful.”

He began to vigorously crank the handle, and the hatch began to smoothly open.

Ichiro made to get out of his chair (Yao always insisted that both midshipmen
strap in for every jump) when the older petty officer admonished him, “Remain
in your seat, please, young sir.” It was as if he had eyes in the back of his
head.

“Right, Ming,” Ichiro said sheepishly, calling Yao by his given name as he
relaxed back into his combat chair. He noticed Anna smiling at him, and a hot
flush of embarrassment crept up his neck as he realized they were still
holding hands. With a shy smile, he squeezed her hand once more and then
released it. He saw her smile back.

“Ah!” Yao exclaimed suddenly as the gravity returned. He was already in a
semi-crouch next to the panel, holding himself in place with one hand braced
against the access panel while he cranked the door open with the other. His
feet flexed as they took up his weight, almost as if he had been somehow
prepared for it.

Ichiro felt his weight return, of course, but because Yao had kept them
strapped in, he hadn’t been at any risk of injury. Yao looked after his
midshipmen like a mother, and of all the duties the man had, it was the one he
took most seriously.

“Perhaps our illustrious engineers have managed to partially repair the ship’s
systems,” he said with a big grin as he stood up and turned toward them, the
door now fully open. “Now let us seek out the rest of the crew-”

_“Yao!”_ Anna screamed in warning, pointing past him into the passageway.

Ichiro, who had momentarily been preoccupied with unfastening his combat
harness (even though Yao hadn’t yet given his permission to do so), snapped
his head up in time to see a humanoid apparition smoothly step into the
compartment. It looked much like one of the pictures of Samurai warriors his
grandfather had been fond of showing him. And this warrior, for she could be
nothing else in any civilization, was as frightening to Ichiro as fully
armored Samurai must have been to simple peasants in long-ago Japan. Clad in
shimmering black armor with a sword clutched in her right hand, she fixed the
two young midshipmen with the predatory gaze of a big cat.

Suddenly realizing that Yao was standing right beside her, she spun with
unbelievable speed, bringing her sword up to slash at his neck.

Ichiro watched in awe as Yao, standing still with a serene expression on his
face, suddenly _moved_. Stepping fluidly toward the alien like fast-flowing
and deadly water, he blocked her sword arm with his own left arm, breaking her
attack. At the same time, he pushed out with his right hand against her upper
left arm and chest, momentarily pinning her arm, neutralizing it, before
sweeping his hand up to hammer the elbow of her sword arm, causing her to lose
her grip on the weapon. His left hand smashed into the side of her face in a
brutal open-handed attack that stunned her, followed by an open-palm strike by
his right hand straight into her face that snapped her head back. Then Yao
grabbed her sword arm with both hands and yanked her down along his right
side, exposing the base of her skull to a savage strike from his left forearm.

The alien crashed to the floor, unconscious or dead, her sword clattering to a
stop at Yao’s feet. The fight had lasted little more than a second.

Anna and Ichiro gaped at Yao, completely stunned. “Ming...” Ichiro managed,
“...how?”

The little man, his face still bearing a serene expression, ignored him for a
moment as he knelt down to pick up the alien’s sword. Standing up, he assumed
a fighting pose, then swung it through the air with professional interest.
“Magnificent,” he conceded quietly, impressed by the weapon’s balance and, in
truth, its beauty. The craftsmanship that went into making the weapon was
astonishing.

“Ming?” Anna urged, now free of her combat harness. She and Ichiro moved next
to the older man, who held the alien’s sword carefully down by his side.

“It is what I have been teaching you, of course,” he chided gently as he
searched the alien for any other useable weapons. She had a long knife and
what looked like some sort of _shuriken_ , commonly known as throwing stars.
But these alien weapons were different, something that clearly required
considerable skill to use. Ignoring them, he took the knife. “Not all the
forms of _t’ai chi ch’uan_ are slow and gentle,” he explained as he gracefully
stood up. Yao had taken to instructing them in _t’ai chi_ as a way to help
them stay in good shape, and as something enjoyable to do together. But he had
never let slip the fact that he was, and had been for quite some time, a _t’ai
chi_ master whose close-quarter combat skills were lethal.

Without hesitation, Yao handed the alien’s knife to Zalenski. She was senior
to Ichiro, and also had some limited close-combat training.

While he felt a momentary flush of shame, having grown up in a very male-
dominated society, Ichiro knew that Yao had made the right choice. It was one
of the many ironies of his own youth that he had grown up on a world where
ancient martial arts were nearly worshipped. But his father had never bothered
to teach his “worthless offspring” any of what he knew, and Ichiro
purposefully showed no interest. While he would have treasured having such
skills now, he doubted he would have survived his father’s methods of
instruction. His grandfather had tried to pass on what he could, but what
Ichiro remembered from those days was little more than pleasant memories.

“Come,” Yao said, leading them out into the main passageway that wound its way
through the ship. He turned left, heading toward the bridge, then stopped.

Three alien warriors, swords drawn, blocked their path.

Yao, his face serious now, turned to the young midshipmen. “Run, children,” he
said quietly, before turning his attention back to the enemy.

* * *

The screaming suddenly stopped.

A few moments later, Harkness could see the alien moving toward them up the
passageway from the damage control point, the strange blue glow that
illuminated the ship’s interior glinting from the thing’s black armor.
Harkness saw the sword and knew that the dark streaks running its length must
have been from blood. Human blood.

Like most of the other members of the crew, Harkness had never had any formal
close-combat training. The closest thing she’d ever had to that was brawling
in seedy bars. When she was new to the Navy she had started her share of
fights. As she’d risen in the enlisted ranks, she’d broken up her share. But
her style of fighting was limited to in-your-face punches and smashing beer
bottles over the head. And the last thing anyone had ever worried about in the
list of potential situations _Aurora_ might encounter was a hostile boarding.
But here they were. Aliens. On her ship. Killing her crew.

“Fuckers,” Harkness hissed, her fury boiling away any trace of fear she might
have had.

“Chief,” Seaman First Class Gene Kilmer asked, “what do we do?” A big man
who’d done his share of brawling and more, Kilmer’s ham-sized fists were
clenched tight, his eyes fixed on the approaching apparition.

“We take back our fucking ship,” she replied. Turning to the others, she said,
“Grab anything you can use for a weapon. There’s seven of us and one of them.
Some of us are going to get tagged,” she watched the alien raise its sword as
it approached, “but we can take this one easy.”

The rest murmured agreement and quickly scattered through the module, grabbing
whatever they could to throw at or strike the alien.

Harkness had a sudden inspiration. She reached under one of the consoles and
grabbed a miniature fire extinguisher. It was small, about the size of a beer
bottle, and didn’t have anything harmful in it. But it might give them just a
second of surprise.

“Let it come in here,” she told the others, spreading them around the module
away from the doorway.

Without hesitation the alien stepped into the module, surveying her planned
victims with what Harkness was sure could only be boredom.

_Keep thinking that, you bitch_ , Harkness thought as she stepped toward the
alien. Three meters. Two. The alien began to raise her sword. Then Harkness
darted in just a bit closer and triggered the fire extinguisher in the
creature’s face.

The alien closed her eyes and whirled away, trying to avoid the white spray.

“Now!” Harkness yelled, and the six other crewmen, led by Kilmer, leaped at
the alien, swinging or thrusting whatever they had chosen as a weapon.

The alien blindly lashed out and caught Seaman Second Class Troy Fontino
across the ribs with her sword, slicing muscle and bone as if it were paper.
He collapsed to the deck, howling in agony.

But that was the only chance the alien got. Kilmer slammed into her, knocking
her to the deck, and the others dog-piled on top of them. Kilmer was holding a
heavy lead-lined isotope container, and started slamming it into the alien’s
head, over and over, while the others kept the alien’s arms and legs pinned.
He kept hammering at her, reducing the left side of her face to pulp, until he
heard Harkness call out to him.

“Kilmer,” she said in an oddly subdued voice, “that’s enough.”

He smashed the container into his lifeless opponent one last time, then turned
to look up at Harkness, his face spattered with alien blood.

Three more aliens had suddenly appeared, and one of them held a wicked looking
knife at Harkness’s throat.

* * *

_At first the warriors found nothing but hapless creatures that were as meat
animals before their swords and claws, crying piteously for what must be
mercy. But it was a mercy they would not be shown. The warriors understood the
concept, but no mercy would be shown to those who would not fight. _

_Moving through the alien ship, they sought not to simply slaughter these
beasts that largely mimicked their own form, but to bring them to battle, to
see if they were worthy of the honor of the arena. Other species in millennia
past had proven worthy opponents for Her Children, and it would be a great
blessing to find another. _

_Such encounters were momentous events in the history of the Empire, and the
Empress had decided to send a warrior high priestess to act as Her eyes and
ears, Her sword and shield. This priestess was the Empire’s greatest warrior.
_

_She had not come by ship, but had simply materialized on the command deck of
the lead warship, transported from the far side of the Empire in what was
purely an act of will by the Empress. Such were the least of Her powers._

_Standing quietly aboard the great vessel, the warrior priestess cast her mind
outward to the alien ship, noting with quiet satisfaction that the aliens were
beginning to pose a challenge to the warriors. They were starting to fight
back. _

_Perhaps they would be worthy opponents, after all._

* * *

McClaren still stood staring at the closed door, trying to believe what he had
just seen. _Alien boarders with swords_ , he thought. _What the devil?_ “So
much for first contact,” he muttered hoarsely.

“Captain,” Marisova said quietly, “what do we do?”

For the first time in his career, McClaren didn’t have an answer to that.
Marisova’s question really got to the heart of what being a captain was all
about: showing or telling people what needed to be done. Letting them use
their brains to figure out things as much as possible, but when all hell broke
loose, it all came down to that one question, and the captain was always
expected to have an answer. He had to have the answer, because the captain was
one step down from God.

For all that, McClaren was first and foremost an honest man. He was lousy at
poker and couldn’t tell even the smallest white lie without giving himself
away. Besides, the people he worked for, his crew, deserved only his best.

“I don’t know, Raisa,” he told her, loud enough for the others on the bridge
to hear. He swept his gaze over them in the strange blue light the aliens had
somehow provided. “But here’s what I _do_ know,” he told them firmly. “Yes,
we’re in a bloody pickle,” that was as close as he ever got to cursing, “but
we’re not going to panic. We’ve lost control of the ship, and our first
priority is to try and regain control, at least long enough to make sure the
computer is destroyed and our navigation records are kept out of enemy hands.”
He didn’t bother calling them _aliens_ any longer. “To do that, we’ve got to
somehow reestablish contact with the rest of the crew to make sure someone
else does the job, or somehow get past those...things out there,” he gestured
toward the closed door, “so we can make sure it’s done ourselves.” He paused.
“Without power, that’s the only option I can think of, unless someone else has
some bright ideas?”

The others were silent. The bridge only had one exit. As for weapons, unlike
some of the other compartments that had some items handy that could be pressed
into service as weapons, there was really nothing on the bridge they could use
but their own bodies.

“Okay, then,” he said quietly. “Let’s get the door open. There won’t be any
finesse to what we do after that, because we don’t have a lot of options.
Just-”

He saw the pilot’s eyes go wide, looking past him, and McClaren whirled around
just as the door, hardened alloy that was ten centimeters thick, suddenly
glowed white and then just disintegrated into a pile of coarse black powder on
the deck.

Beyond stood the alien that had tried to attack him earlier, and one of its
companions, wearing nearly identical armor. The first one darted forward,
raising its sword to strike.

McClaren didn’t even pause to think. He had grown up in a tough neighborhood
in a gray-hearted city on the world of Bainbridge, and had managed to channel
his violence into boxing. He probably could have made it as a professional on
the Bainbridge circuit, but that wasn’t where he wanted to take his life. He
had always been captivated by the stars, by all the worlds that humanity had
found and colonized, and by the new ones that appeared in the news reports. He
wanted to be an explorer. As it turned out, he managed to get accepted to the
Terran Naval Academy because of his “sports” abilities. He wasn’t the most
promising of the plebes that year, but he graduated second in his class four
years later, with the additional title of world college middleweight champion.
Not bad for a kid with skinned knuckles who’d grown up fighting his way out of
the slums.

Those instincts and the many hours he had devoted since then to keeping in top
shape served him well now. As the alien’s sword reached the top of its deadly
arc, he danced forward - _fast_ \- and faked a left hook that drew the alien’s
attention, just as he’d hoped. It dropped its sword arm, the right arm, to try
and block his strike, and lashed out with the claws of its left hand just as
McClaren twisted his body, throwing all his power into his trademark right
cross. His fist slammed into the alien’s jaw, rocking its head back. He could
hear and feel the _crunch_ as the creature’s jawbone broke under his knuckles,
but he didn’t stop there. The alien’s armor limited the options he had for
punches, but when it lost its balance, reeling backward, its right arm, still
clutching the sword, windmilled upward, exposing the armpit. McClaren had no
idea if the alien’s physiology was anything like a human’s, but he wanted to
take the sword out of the equation and it was a target of opportunity. His
left arm swept up in a powerful jab that landed squarely under the alien’s arm
where there was no metal armor to protect the bundle of nerves that served the
arm, only what looked like smooth leather.

With a grunt of agony, the alien dropped its sword and slammed against the
bulkhead next to the door. McClaren was going to move in and finish it off,
but suddenly Marisova was there. She grabbed the warrior’s right arm,
paralyzed from McClaren’s left hook, and snatched it up in a fireman’s carry.
McClaren watched, wide-eyed, as his navigation officer tossed the alien over
one shoulder, then smoothly dropped to a kneeling position on the same side.
Marisova had one arm still wrapped around the alien’s neck, guiding its spine
down to the navigator’s bent knee. McClaren clearly heard a wet _crack_ as the
alien slammed down, its head bent back at an extreme angle over Marisova’s
leg.

He was no surgeon, but to him that sounded like a broken neck. _Score one for
the home team_ , he thought grimly, turning to the other alien behind him.

The creature simply stood there, its outstretched sword keeping the other
members of the bridge crew at bay for the few seconds he and Marisova had
taken to finish off its partner. While he couldn’t read the alien’s body
language or expressions, if he had to guess, he’d say it looked satisfied.

“Your turn,” he growled as he moved toward it, fists raised in their ready
position, with Marisova moving off to one side to flank the creature.

But he never got a chance for a second round. The alien casually brought its
free hand to the collar around its neck, from which hung a dozen or so
glittering pendants, and touched it in a peculiar fashion.

McClaren’s vision exploded in a white flash before darkness took him.

* * *

Ichiro sprinted down the passageway, Anna right behind him. His gut boiled
with fear and self-loathing, feeling like a coward for abandoning Yao Ming.
But his friend’s quiet order to run had left no room for doubt or argument.

And so the two of them ran. At first, Ichiro had no idea where they were
going, except to get away from the three aliens who had confronted Yao Ming.
The ring of sword against sword still echoed in his head, and tears threatened
to burn his eyes at the thought of Ming being killed. But Ichiro’s
subconscious was guiding him with a purpose, even if it was one he didn’t
understand or recognize.

He and Anna, breathing hard with the exertion of running and fear of what must
be somewhere behind them, suddenly found themselves standing in front of the
doors to his quarters. These doors weren’t designed to be airtight, nor were
they normally locked. Taking the alien knife from Anna’s hand, he shoved it
into the center slot of the door and pried it open enough to get a grip with
his fingers. Then he simply shoved it open enough for them to enter.

“In here,” he breathed, grabbing her arm and leading her inside.

“We can’t hide here, Ichiro,” she gasped, trying to catch her breath as he
handed the knife back to her. He could run like a greyhound, and she’d had
trouble keeping up. “The door...”

“We didn’t come here to hide,” he told her as he quickly rummaged around in
the closet at the end of his bed. _Aurora_ was a naval vessel, but her
accommodations were far more luxurious than any warship designed strictly for
combat: even the midshipmen had their own tiny cabins, and plenty of storage
space. It was a small tradeoff for deployments that could last a year or more.

“Ichiro...” Anna said worriedly, keeping her eyes on the door.

“Ah...” he said finally. She watched as he pulled something out of the closet
that was over a meter in length, and that at first glance looked like a shiny
black tube several centimeters across, slightly curved...

“Is that a _sword_?” she asked, incredulous. Personal weapons like that were
not normally allowed aboard ship.

“Yes,” he told her as he held the _katana_ by its handle, then reverently drew
the gleaming blade from the polished black scabbard. He had been tempted to
show it to Yao Ming once, but had chastised himself for wanting to show off.
He had no idea how impressed his friend would have been with the quality of
the weapon. “It belonged to my grandfather.” He glanced at her as if reading
her mind. “The captain gave me a waiver for it. It is the only thing I have to
remember my family by.”

He had no time to tell her about the old man, and about how much he’d loved
him. His grandfather had been the only thing to keep Ichiro’s father in check,
at least until he was paralyzed from the neck down in a freak transportation
accident when Ichiro was only five years old. After that, bedridden in a
closet-sized room at the back of his family’s apartment, the father of
Ichiro’s mother endured his own special form of hell. But it was a hell he and
Ichiro shared, and the old man was the boy’s childhood hero. His grandfather
had been a great swordsman, his mother had told him, and the old man had told
his grandson what he could of his former life, and showed him pictures from
books and the information network, when his father was not around, of what it
meant to be a warrior. He couldn’t train the boy in the way of the sword, but
he could teach him what it meant to have a sense of honor.

“He never had a chance to teach me to use it,” Ichiro explained softly. “But
he always told me that it was the spirit of the warrior that mattered most.”
He looked at her, fierce determination lighting up his eyes even as tears
streaked down his face. “I accept that I will die here. But I will _not_
dishonor him. Nor will I dishonor my shipmates.”

She leaned forward and gently kissed him on the lips. Anna had entertained
fantasies about being more than friends with Ichiro, but she realized now they
would never have the chance. “Let’s go,” she said quietly.

They left his quarters and moved quickly down the main passageway that would
eventually lead them toward the bridge, Anna still clutching the alien knife,
Ichiro holding his grandfather’s _katana_ at his side.

Turning a corner that would lead them to a set of stairs that would take them
up to the level the bridge was on, they nearly collided with two aliens coming
in the opposite direction.

Ichiro, simply reacting on instinct, brought his sword up over his head for an
overhand slashing attack, while Anna backed away slightly: her knife had no
business in this particular fight.

The alien easily parried his amateurish attack with her own sword, then
casually moved in close to slam her opposite elbow into his jaw.

Dazed, Ichiro was sent flying to the deck. The only thing he was conscious of
was that he had managed not to drop his grandfather’s sword. Anna moved to a
position between him and the two aliens, holding her knife in an underhand
grip.

“Come on,” she hissed at them. “ _Come on!_ ”

As one of the aliens made to step forward, an ear-splitting roar filled the
passageway, and her head disappeared in a spray of bone and gore.

Quick as a cat, the other alien went for something on her shoulder that looked
like some sort of throwing weapon, with several wicked blades attached to a
central hub, but she never reached it.

There was another roar, and the second alien pitched forward, a hole the size
of a dinner plate in her chest.

Her ears ringing, Anna looked around to see what, _who_ , had done this, when
Lieutenant Amundsen stepped around the corner from the direction the aliens
had come, smoke streaming from the muzzle of the M-22 Close-In Assault Rifle
he was holding. Pausing just long enough to give each of the aliens a spiteful
kick, Amundsen quickly made his way to Ichiro and helped him up.

“Lieutenant...” Anna said, so grateful to see him that she nearly burst into
tears.

“Are we ever glad to see you!” Ichiro finished for her, his jaw aching
fiercely.

“You’re the only two I’ve found so far who are alive,” he told them grimly.
“The rest...” He shook his head slowly.

After leaving Kumar behind, an act that threatened to crush him with guilt,
particularly once he saw what had happened to most of the rest of the crew, he
had gone to the ship’s small armory. Amundsen couldn’t fight worth a damn with
his hands, but he knew how to handle a rifle. He wasn’t an Olympic marksman by
any stretch, but at the ranges afforded by the ship’s passageways and
compartments, he didn’t have to be.

The main problem had been getting into the armory, which was no more than a
small locked closet inside one of the ship’s storage holds that held a few
“just in case” weapons and ammunition that the ship’s designers had put in as
an afterthought. But he didn’t have to use his knowledge of astronomy,
physics, or engineering to open the armory. Some problems yield themselves
quite satisfactorily to the judicious application of a crowbar and hammer.

After that, moving through the ship had been a nightmare. He hadn’t gone
through all the compartments, of course, but from what he’d found so far,
_Aurora_ had become an abattoir. He had vomited after stumbling across the
first butchered bodies, and periodically had been beset by dry heaves ever
since. He had never seen a dead body before, let alone one of someone he’d
known and worked with. Some bodies had been decapitated. The heads were strewn
about the deck, expressions of terror forever fixed to their faces. Some
bodies had arms or legs hacked off...

He shuddered, then went down to one knee as he felt his gorge rise again.

“Lieutenant?” Anna asked worriedly, putting a hand on Amundsen’s shoulder.

“I’ll be all right,” he said hoarsely, trying to regain his composure. A
genius in many ways and aware of the fact, he had never claimed to be a leader
of men. But he realized that he had a responsibility now to these two younger
almost-officers. While his rage at what the aliens had done was as fierce as
ever, he wasn’t on a quest for vengeance anymore. He had to try and look after
these two. And find the captain. “It’s just...” he shook his head and chuckled
mirthlessly. “Never mind.” He forced himself to stand up. “Come on, let’s see
if we can get to the bridge and find the captain.”

They made their way back to the stairs leading up to the next level, only to
find another pair of aliens standing halfway up the steps, as if they had been
expecting the humans.

Amundsen reacted instantly, bringing the rifle to his shoulder and sighting
down its length at one of the alien horrors, but he never had a chance to pull
the trigger.

One of the aliens already had her hand on her collar, touching it _just so_ as
Amundsen raised his weapon to fire.

The last thing he saw was a blinding flash of white. He hit the floor,
unconscious, the two midshipmen collapsing beside him.


* Chapter Three
Chapter Three{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER THREE**

  

“Sir? Captain, are you all right?”

McClaren heard the voice as if from far away, through a dull ringing in his
ears. He tried to open his eyes, and was rewarded with a thousand hot needles
lancing into his optic nerve. He hissed with the pain.

“It’ll pass in a minute, captain,” the voice said again, closer this time.
Chief Harkness. “You must’ve gotten a big jolt,” she went on quietly, her hand
on his shoulder. Her touch felt very warm. “Fucking alien bitches,” she
suddenly spat.

He smiled grimly. Whatever had happened to the ship, he was glad Harkness had
made it. This far, at least.

“How many,” he asked her, squinting up into her worried face. “Do you know how
many of the crew...are okay?”

For a moment she didn’t answer, but looked up at someone else. His eyes
followed her and found Amundsen, kneeling at his other side.

“Twenty-three survivors, sir,” he said quietly. “Including yourself.”

McClaren couldn’t hide his shock. “ _Twenty-three?_ Out of a crew of two
hundred eight?” They helped him sit up. The aliens had gathered the human
survivors in _Aurora’s_ main galley.

Amundsen was only grateful that it hadn’t been the lower galley where he had
been forced to abandon Raj Kumar. The ship’s XO was not among the survivors,
and Amundsen had seen enough in the rest of the ship to know what must have
happened to him. “Yes, sir,” he said. “That’s all. Everyone else is...” He
shook his head slowly.

McClaren didn’t have to hear the word to know that all the other men and women
of his crew were gone. Dead. Amundsen’s haunted eyes told him that they hadn’t
gone down easily. He remembered the swords that the aliens who attacked the
bridge had been armed with, and imagined the havoc that such weapons could
cause in the close quarters of a ship. _Fucking alien bitches_ , Harkness had
said. He couldn’t have agreed more. “Get me up,” he ordered. Harkness and
Amundsen helped the captain to his feet, where he stood, swaying. His inner
ears were playing tricks with his balance, and he smelled the sharp scent of
ozone. But his vision was clearing, and he took a look around the galley.

The members of his crew, what was left of it, all stood to attention. Marisova
and the rest of the bridge crew. Yao and two of the midshipmen. The half dozen
sailors from the forward survey module. Another half dozen from the
engineering section. Harkness. Amundsen. And himself.

Then he saw the blood. The left side of the galley was covered in it, with
pools of it among the tables. He stared at the streaks and sprays of crimson
that stained the dark gray deck tiles and the white walls. Even the ceiling.
So much blood. He couldn’t tear his eyes away.

“They allowed us to move the bodies, captain,” Amundsen explained, nodding
toward the four aliens who stood wary guard at the galley’s entrance. “Six
crewmen were cornered in here. We...moved the remains into the storage closet
in the back and covered them.”

McClaren turned back to Amundsen. That was when he noticed the blood on
Amundsen’s uniform. On his hands and arms. On his face. McClaren imagined,
_knew_ , that this is what the entire ship was like. It had become a
slaughterhouse. His stomach suddenly dropped away into a bottomless abyss, and
he felt his sanity starting to follow down after it. _No_ , he told himself
desperately, trying to reassert control of himself. _No! The crew needs you.
You’re not taking the easy way out. You can’t._

Forcing his eyes shut, he blocked out the horror for a moment. He took a deep
breath to calm himself, but the smell of blood suddenly poured through the
stench of ozone he had been smelling. The coppery scent threatened to
overwhelm him, and he started to lean over, about to vomit.

He suddenly felt a steadying hand on his shoulder again, squeezing tightly.
Chief Harkness. He covered her hand with his, squeezed it tight in return. He
willed away the tears as anger began to replace despair.

At last regaining his composure, he let go of the chief’s hand and turned back
to his crew. _Back to business_ , he told himself. “Does anyone know if the
engineering crew was able to destroy the navigation computer core?”

“No soft wipe was performed, captain,” Petty Officer Yao told him immediately,
his eyes downcast. That would have been his responsibility had the order been
given. He knew intellectually that there was no way he could have wiped the
core after the aliens overwhelmed the electrical system, even had he been
given orders to do so. The order had never come, but he felt a sense of shame
nonetheless.

Beyond that, Yao was not even sure how he had survived to be here. After he
had told the two midshipmen to run, he had turned back to fight the aliens
confronting them. They surprised him by refusing to fight him as a group, only
singly. But after he had managed to kill two in a set of fierce sword fights,
the last one had somehow paralyzed him and rendered him unconscious. He
remembered nothing else until waking up here, maybe fifteen minutes ago.

“There was nothing you could have done about that, Yao,” McClaren reassured
him. “If anyone is to blame, it’s our blue-skinned hosts.”

“Captain,” Amundsen interjected, “I went through the computer core compartment
before I met up with the midshipmen,” he nodded to Anna and Ichiro, who stood
next to Yao. “The engineers weren’t able to set off any charges because of
whatever the aliens did to our power systems. They opened the core manually
and tried to destroy the primary crystals. Some of them were destroyed,
but...”

“There would have been far too many to destroy in such a fashion in the
moments they had before the enemy arrived,” Yao finished for him. He had spent
more time in and around the primary computer core than anyone else in the
ship, and he knew better than most the futility of trying what the engineers
had done. But he gave them great credit for making the attempt, and said a
silent prayer for their spirits. He and Amundsen had talked briefly before the
captain woke up from the stun he had received, and the computer core had been
their first topic of conversation. The younger officer had described the
carnage he had found in the compartment, where three young engineers armed
only with basic tools had fought against some of the alien warriors. The
engineers had died, but they had taken one of the aliens with them, a long
screwdriver shoved through her neck. The alien’s killer, a young woman
Amundsen had barely recognized, lay dead beside her, the alien’s knife still
buried in her chest. “They will have destroyed some information,” Yao went on,
“but the chances are great that most of the navigation data remains intact.
The system is holographic and redundant. Critical data is stored and phased
across multiple crystals.”

“People,” McClaren told them through gritted teeth, “the aliens _must not_ be
allowed to retrieve our navigation data. We cannot allow these... _things_ to
discover where we came from.” He swept his gaze over the blood stains left on
the galley walls and floor. “We can’t allow this to happen to our home
planets-”

“Captain,” Harkness interrupted softly, “look.”

McClaren turned to see half a dozen warriors enter the galley, taking up
positions next to the four already standing guard. They were accompanied by
four more aliens who wore no armor, but simple white robes and collars around
their necks. Aside from their mode of dress, they looked identical to the
warriors. Looking more closely, he noticed that these aliens didn’t seem to
have claws on their hands. Then he took a close look at what each of them was
holding.

“What the hell is _that_?” one of the crewmen behind him said, a thread of
fear twisting through his voice as he saw the same thing that McClaren had
noticed.

Each of the robed aliens held an amoebic mass of what could only be living
tissue. Roughly the mass of a grapefruit, each of the gelatinous blobs was
dark green and purple, slowly writhing in their bearer’s hands.

McClaren felt an immediate visceral revulsion toward the things, and almost in
unison the humans stepped back, away from their captors.

The warriors took that as a cue to move forward, spreading out with their
swords held at the ready to deter their captives from doing anything rash. Two
moved over to one of the young female ratings from engineering, roughly
grabbing her arms and dragging her toward the waiting robed figures and their
undulating pets. She screamed and struggled, kicking fiercely at the warriors’
legs. One of them raised her sword hand to smash her in the face-

“Stop!” McClaren boomed. The aliens may not have understood the word, but they
certainly seemed to understand a command voice when they heard it. The warrior
about to strike the woman paused, turning to look at him, as did the others of
her kind. McClaren calmly walked over to them. “Let her go,” he said quietly,
gesturing at the young woman the two warriors held. “Take me instead.” He
pointed at himself.

The warriors paused, still holding the woman, when one of the other warriors
standing near the robed aliens spoke. “ _Ka’ana te lath_.” The young woman was
immediately released, and her captors looked expectantly at McClaren.

“Go on, Ramirez,” he told the woman, “get back with the others.”

“But captain...” she whispered hoarsely, her frightened eyes darting to the
robed aliens and what they held waiting for him.

“It’s okay,” he reassured her with a confidence he didn’t feel. He glanced at
Amundsen, and the younger man nodded sadly. _You’re in charge now, lieutenant_
, he told himself. But he didn’t trust his voice to speak the words aloud.

With that, he turned and walked toward the galley table the four robed aliens
had gathered around. One of the warriors stopped him, then in a few swift
motions with an incredibly sharp knife cut off his uniform, even his boots.
The robed aliens gestured for him to lay on the table, and he did so, the cold
metal burning against the skin of his naked body. Then the four robed aliens
gathered around him and one of them began to knead the mass of pulsating
tissue she held.

The crew watched in horrified fascination as the alien worked the strange
tissue like it was pizza dough, expertly kneading, pressing, and twirling it
until it was no thicker than a piece of paper, but large enough to cover
McClaren’s entire body. With one last twirl, she let go of the thing, and it
settled through the air to land on him.

As the hideous shroud touched him, McClaren suppressed a scream. It wasn’t
because the thing was causing him pain, because it wasn’t. But he felt such a
primal _wrongness_ as it touched his flesh. It was cool and slimy against his
skin, covering him from head to toe, and he desperately held his breath,
because the thought of that thing falling into his mouth was a nightmare come
to life.

Then he felt it start to move. It began to wrap itself tighter about him. It
wasn’t constricting him, but seemed to be making a better fit for itself, like
a self-shaping glove. He even felt it somehow working its way under him,
insinuating itself between his body and the table. The sensation of being
completely encased in oozing, living slime was hideously unpleasant even
before it began to probe his nostrils and ears. Then it started on his eyes,
forcing itself between his tightly shut eyelids. Nothing being sacred to this
alien horror, it pressed against his anus, even the opening of his penis.

Between that and his burning lungs, McClaren had had enough. He tried to move
his arms to clear the thing from his mouth and nose, but any movement he made
was futile: this thing seemed slimy and malleable, but when he tried to move
it hardened like concrete. He was totally immobilized.

He willed himself to hold his breath until he was unconscious, but his body
betrayed him. With a soundless scream on his lips, he opened his mouth wide as
his body forced him into a last-ditch attempt to gather in some air. As if it
had been waiting for this, the thing rushed into his mouth, then down his
throat as the tendrils invading his nostrils suddenly pulsed through his
sinuses, then expanded down his trachea into his lungs.

On the verge now of blacking out, McClaren was sure he was going to die.
Absolutely, positively sure.

But as the slime entered his lungs, the strangest thing happened: the urge to
suck in huge breaths abated, and the stars that were forming in his vision as
his brain ran out of oxygen disappeared. He wasn’t breathing, but he was
clearly getting oxygen now. The slime was somehow doing it.

Then he felt a sensation of pleasant warmth. It wasn’t localized to one spot,
but was throughout his body. He’d never felt anything like it before. It was
as if someone had taken a magical heating pad that didn’t just lay on a part
of his body, but actually became a part of it, warming and massaging every
cell. He was afraid to admit it, but aside from a brief flare of hot pain in
his lower back, this part of this bizarre experience was actually pleasant.

Suddenly he became aware that he could move his arms again. Not only that, but
his eyes seemed clear. He blinked them open to see the four robed aliens
looking at him attentively. He held up one of his hands to look at it, and saw
the last traces of slime as it sank into his flesh, as if it had melded with
him on a cellular level. He ran his hands over his chest, his upper thighs:
the slime had disappeared. _Right into his skin_.

He lay there for a few more moments before he felt a tremor in his chest. The
terror suddenly returned, with visions of some nightmarish apparition bursting
from his rib cage, but fortunately he was disappointed. Another moment of
increasing discomfort passed, and then suddenly the entire mass of slime
forced itself back out of his lungs, oozing out of his mouth.

“Agghhh!” he gagged as the thing’s keeper retrieved it. He had no idea how the
whole thing had managed to get into his lungs. It was as if it had somehow
penetrated his body like some sort of biological scanning device, then
gathered in his lungs for convenient extraction.

The robed alien, who seemed distinctly more pleasant than the warriors,
gestured for him to get up. He made to return to the others, but she gently
stopped him. Standing behind him, she ran her hands professionally (he had no
other word for it) along his lower spine. Then she gripped one of his hips and
put her opposite hand on a shoulder, gently pushing him forward, apparently
trying to get him to bend forward at the waist. He did so, and after she ran
her fingers over a few of his lumbar vertebrae, she gestured for him to
straighten up, which he did. She exchanged a few quiet words with the warrior
who had spoken earlier, and then gestured for him to return to the others.

As McClaren rejoined his elated crew, who pointedly ignored his nakedness,
something struck him as odd: his lower back, where he had felt the surge of
painful heat earlier, now felt fine. Better than fine. It felt perfect. And he
knew that it shouldn’t, because he had a very mild case of arthritis in his
lumbar region that the ship’s surgeon had warned him would ground him at the
end of this deployment. It didn’t interfere with his duties, and consistent
exercise helped keep it at bay, but it was a constant source of mild
discomfort. Now it was gone. And the robed alien had known it would be; that’s
why she examined that particular area. Somehow, that blob of slime had
communicated to her whatever it had done, or seen, in his body.

The fucking alien bitches, as Harkness had called them earlier, had completely
cured him.

* * *

_The warriors looked on as the animal who was dominant convinced the others to
come to the healers without further struggle. One by one, and then in groups
of four, they came to be tended. The healing gel was the only instrument used
by the healers other than some specialized potions; it was the only instrument
needed. A product of forced evolution millennia long past, the gel was at once
an organism unto itself, yet also a part of the healer to which it was bonded.
It had no intelligence of its own, yet could perform the most complex tasks to
heal or repair another organism, even a completely alien species._

_Through this unique symbiont, the healers could “see” the bodies of the
aliens down to the sub-cellular level. While the purpose of the healers here
was primarily to learn all there was to know about the aliens’ physiognomy,
they also employed the gel to seek out any pathogenic organisms and compounds
that could be harmful to Her Children. At the same time, the gel immunized the
aliens against potentially harmful pathogens carried by the denizens of the
Empire, and also did for them what it was normally meant to do: heal disease
and repair injury._

_Once the healers had finished their task with the living humans, they
communed with another group that had studied the remains the warriors had left
behind. Pooling the gel together, each symbiont exchanged its information with
the others. The healers, their minds conditioned to assimilating such
information, now understood the human body and its inner workings far better
than all of humanity’s physicians combined._

_In the human sphere, such information would have to be communicated elsewhere
by technology. But an outside observer would have seen no technology in
evidence here: once the symbionts had digested the information about the
aliens and been merged together, other symbionts throughout the Empire began
to spontaneously mutate, reflecting this new knowledge._

_The final task of the healers was to transfer the genetic knowledge from the
symbionts to the members of their own race to immunize them. This was
accomplished for the warriors and other castes simply by placing a small piece
of the symbiont on any convenient patch of skin: it merged into the flesh of
the patient and made any necessary alterations. The symbiont regenerated
itself by merging with its parent healer, whose body provided the necessary
nutrients for recovery. This immunization was accomplished quickly throughout
the Empire, not just to those here in this system._

_For while the final test of the aliens had yet to be performed, the Empress
had sensed enough through the blood of Her Children here to know what lay
ahead: war._


* Chapter Four
Chapter Four{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER FOUR**

  

“Lord of All,” McClaren breathed as the alien gently shoved his naked body
through the perfectly circular hole, about three meters across, that they’d
cut in the side of his ship. He had thought at first that they were going to
push him into hard vacuum through some sort of invisible barrier, for there
was nothing visible between the _Aurora’s_ hull and that of the enemy vessel
that now stood very close alongside. But he had seen that there were warriors
at a few spots along the invisible gangway that somehow linked the ships, and
that had held his fear in check. Barely.

_But my God, the view_ , he thought as he crossed over the threshold from the
metal deck into the void. Suddenly leaving the ship’s artificial gravity
behind, his stomach momentarily dropped away as he became weightless. He could
see down the _Aurora’s_ flank, noting the holes where the enemy warriors had
burned through the hull to board his ship.

Then there was the enemy ship - _huge!_ \- that didn’t look a thing like any
spacecraft ever made by humankind. The smooth metal (he assumed it was metal)
of the hull gleamed a deep but brilliant green, with contoured dark gunmetal-
colored ports and blisters where he assumed some sort of hatches or weapons
were mounted. Unlike a human ship, which was a patchwork of plates, the
surface of the alien ship’s hull was as smooth as a still pond: he couldn’t
see any joints or welds, rivets, screws or other fastenings as he got closer.
It was as if the hull was one gigantic sheet of...whatever it was made of. The
craft was all graceful curves, as if it were designed to fly in an atmosphere,
with none of the boxy fittings and other angular projections typical of human
ships. Looking forward, he saw that giant runes were inscribed along its raked
prow, perhaps proclaiming the ship’s name, whatever it might be.

And all around him: the stars. As if his hand had a will of its own, he
reached out to touch them. He knew they were billions of miles away, but they
seemed so close. The alien sun burned brightly mere millions of miles away,
and a point of light far brighter than the other stars proclaimed itself the
planet from which the four warships had come. He had been on plenty of
spacewalks, but this wasn’t the same. Maybe it was the emotional exhaustion of
the last few hours since the alien ships had been spotted. So little time on
the scale of his life, but an eternity for those who had lived through it.

The stars. Part of him knew that this would be the last time he would ever see
them. He looked outward, and the unfeeling Universe returned his gaze.

He felt one of the warriors take his arm, amazingly gently, he thought, to
propel him onward to his destination. With one last heartbroken look at
_Aurora_ , he turned toward the open maw of the alien ship that awaited him.

Behind McClaren, the other survivors of the _Aurora_ were ferried along, naked
and still dazed from the emotional and physical trauma of the healing gel.
Even though a number of them had performed spacewalks countless times, they
gawked in awe at the great Void around them, and felt a deep tremor of fear at
the huge alien warship that seemed in their eyes as big as a planet.

As McClaren approached the “hatch” of the alien ship, he looked closely at the
smooth petals of the material (he was less and less convinced that anything on
this ship was metal as he understood it) that had irised open. He had no doubt
that when this aperture was closed, it would be totally invisible against the
hull. Or maybe the aliens could open an aperture like this anywhere, if
needed.

His professional curiosity warred with the fear of what would happen to
humanity if these creatures were able to trace the path _Aurora_ had taken
here. His failure to ensure the navigation computer core had been destroyed
ate at him like a bitter acid in his gut. And with his crew now removed from
the ship, any opportunity - _Not that there really had been any,_ he thought
bitterly - to somehow break free of the warriors and destroy the core had been
lost. His only hope now was that the _Aurora’s_ computer technology was
sufficiently alien that they couldn’t figure it out. But after seeing what the
aliens with the goo did with his body, and the heart-stopping technology he
saw in this ship, he knew that hope was truly a vain one. It was a disaster of
literally stellar proportions, and he knew his name would go down in history
as the man who had unwittingly opened the human sphere to invasion. The
thought was a crushing blow to his soul.

He floated across the threshold into the alien ship, and a gentle artificial
gravity gradient allowed him to land gracefully on his feet. There was a
phalanx of warriors waiting for the humans to arrive, and a pair escorted
McClaren down the connecting passageway that, like everything else on this
ship, was huge: it could have easily accommodated a pair of elephants walking
side-by-side, with room to spare.

As on the _Aurora_ after the aliens had attacked, the walls themselves gave
off a soft light. Unlike the dark blue glow on the _Aurora_ , however, this
was near the color humans viewed as normal sunlight, although tinged with
magenta. It gave him the impression of an everlasting sunrise, a thought that
struck him as supremely ironic given the very questionable nature of his fate.

The deck felt soft and warm to his bare feet, its dark gray surface pebbled to
provide a superior grip. Like the rest of the hull, he had the impression that
this wasn’t any sort of metal, and he was struck by the thought that perhaps
the ship was semi-organic. The thought of such radically advanced technology
chilled McClaren to the bone.

By contrast, the walls and ceiling appeared to be nothing more sophisticated
or high-tech than stone, perhaps a type of granite that was a very pale rose
color. He thought for a moment of the ancient burial places like the Pyramids
on Earth, where the walls and rooms of the dead were decorated with ancient
writing. For that’s exactly the way these walls appeared: there was writing
everywhere in the form of alien runes, as if the walls and even the ceiling
were part of a giant book that someone had written. Chancing that his guards
wouldn’t notice or perhaps care, he drifted to one side of the passageway and
stretched out a hand to touch the wall’s surface. While it could certainly be
artificial, to his touch it felt like nothing more sophisticated than very
finely polished granite. But how the aliens made it give off light to
illuminate the passageway, and why they would have something like stone for
the interior of a starship, he couldn’t even guess.

Making sure he kept pace with the warriors, who seemed content not to harass
him, he glanced back to check on the other members of his crew. Like him, each
of them had a pair of warriors as escort, except for Yao Ming, who was
surrounded by four warriors. McClaren’s people were spaced out evenly behind
him at five meter intervals. Those who saw him looking nodded back, fear
written plainly on their faces. After the slaughter on the _Aurora_ , there
was no reason to think anything pleasant awaited them here.

* * *

Like the rest of the crew, Yao Ming had been appalled at the wanton murders of
the rest of the crew. But unlike the other survivors, he had seen such horrors
before. The colony world on Keran where he had been born and raised had been
settled by an unlikely mix largely made up of ethnic Chinese and Arabs. The
two communities, while maintaining distinct cultural identities, interacted
peacefully and had rapidly expanded from the original towns they established
on landing to intertwining cities and villages. While not a rich world
compared to many, it was prosperous and generally peaceful.

But when Yao Ming was eleven years old, an ethnic Chinese gang that had been
brutalizing the local Arabs and that local authorities in his town had been
unable to control finally went too far: they kidnapped, gang-raped and
murdered three young Arab girls. What turned out to be the final insult that
made a violent confrontation inevitable was that they stuffed the girls’
mouths with pork before they killed them.

Citizens of both communities were shocked and horrified. A local mullah wasn’t
satisfied with the claims by the police that the gang would be brought to
justice, since they never had before. He led the grief-stricken worshippers in
his mosque, nearly two thousand of them, including the parents of the murdered
girls, on a rampage through the adjacent Chinese district.

While the violence was localized and didn’t affect the overall population, Yao
Ming’s neighborhood became a killing ground as the frenzied mob surged through
the narrow streets. Armed with everything from fists and knives to assault
rifles (authorities later determined that more than a few of the perpetrators
had gone to the mosque bearing concealed firearms), they grabbed, mutilated,
and killed anyone in their path who couldn’t run away fast enough. They surged
into shops, homes, and apartments, leaving a trail of bloody carnage: nowhere
was safe. Some of the Chinese tried to stand and fight, but they were simply
overwhelmed by numbers.

Yao Ming’s parents were among the victims, caught in the local marketplace as
they did their daily shopping. Both of them were masters of _t’ai chi_ , a
skill they had been passing on to their only son, but even that couldn’t save
them from the mob. As Yao himself had told the midshipmen to run when he
turned to face the aliens who had boarded _Aurora_ , his parents had said the
same to him that day before plunging into the seething mob, fists and feet
flying. His escape had been a harrowing flight through blood-filled streets
that still haunted his dreams. He never saw his parents again, for they were
among the hundreds who died that day.

Now, walking through this alien ship, he had the honor of having not just two,
but four warriors as escort. Unlike those escorting the others, these had
their swords drawn and were exceptionally alert. Having killed three of them
in close combat earlier, the first with his hands and the other two with the
sword from the first one, Yao took some measure of grim satisfaction that they
felt he was more of a threat than the others. But he had no illusions about
what probably awaited them. Just like McClaren, he had taken a last longing
look at _Aurora_ before stepping aboard the alien warship, because he knew in
his heart that he would never see her again.

After moving through what Yao estimated to be nearly half a kilometer of
twisting and turning passageways, they came to a huge door. Like most of the
other doors they had passed, this one was deep black in color, polished to a
reflective shine, with runes similar to those carved in the stone-like
material of the passageway walls. However, these runes were much larger, and
inlaid with a material similar in appearance to lapis lazuli.

The door stood partway open, and Yao’s guards ushered him in, following the
remaining human survivors. Inside, there were more aliens of what he assumed
was another caste. Like the ones who had applied the healing gel earlier,
these wore robes, black, this time, and also lacked the lethal claws of the
warriors.

This group, numbering perhaps fifty individuals, wasted no time carrying out
their task. Two quickly approached each human and began to take measurements
with what Yao realized was nothing more ominous than a tailor’s cloth
measuring tape. While these had no numbers or other markings that he could
discern, the way the two aliens stretched it along various parts of his body
left no doubt. After his parents had been killed, he had gone to live with his
uncle, his father’s only brother, who worked as a tailor and taught young Yao
Ming his craft, along with continuing his education in _t’ai chi_.

“Mister Yao...” he heard young Sato call to him quietly from off to one side.

“ _Kazh!_ ” one of the boy’s escorting warriors hissed. The aliens hadn’t
harassed the humans coming here, but they had refused to allow them to speak
to one another.

Yao met the young midshipman’s gaze and nodded, adding a wry smile as a small
gesture of reassurance. Whatever was to come, at least they would not have to
die naked.

* * *

_The armorers worked quickly, as was their custom. While their caste was known
for its great skill in handling the living steel from which their weapons were
forged, they also created the other clothing and accessories in which their
race was attired. Ignoring the strange coloring and pungent scent of the
strangers, but welcoming the fact that they were amazingly similar to Her
Children in form, they measured their bodies in the time-honored fashion. Like
their sisters throughout the Empire, in all the castes, perfection was the
goal toward which they strived from birth until beyond death, and they allowed
themselves no room for error. Measuring several times, they left the main hall
for a series of anterooms where their materials waited. The strangers would
not receive any armor, for the priestess had determined that they did not wear
such things, and thus would not be accustomed to it. _

_Instead, the aliens were given only the undergarments worn by all the castes,
be it beneath armor or robes. Like virtually all things made by the hands of
their race, it was the essence of perfection and would last indefinitely if
given a small amount of care. The armorers fashioned close-fitting long sleeve
shirts and long pants of a black gauzy material that was perfectly smooth
against the skin. It would keep the wearer cool in the heat, and warm when it
was cold, and this batch of the material had been specially prepared to
accommodate the strangers’ unique thermal requirements. Each piece would fit
the individual wearer perfectly, tailored only for them. It would stretch
effortlessly, but would never bind or lose its shape. Since it had been
created to be worn under armor, it never interfered with a warrior’s movements
when in combat._

_Once the armorers finished covering the aliens’ pale bodies, they shod their
feet in traditional black sandals, open-toed with wraps that secured them
above the wearer’s ankles._

* * *

Amundsen wasn’t sure what bothered him more, the overt advanced technology
such as the ship, or the almost supernatural craftsmanship of everything the
aliens made. The clothing in which he now found himself, as the humans were
once again herded down the labyrinthine passageways, fit, literally, like a
custom-made glove. He had owned tailored clothes, but they were nothing like
this. The material itself would be worth a fortune for its clearly advanced
properties, and the fit was astonishing. The footwear, in particular, felt
like part of his body. This was no small achievement, for Amundsen had a
slight deformity in his left foot that required custom-made shoes. But, like
his tailored clothes, they were nothing compared to this.

The reason it bothered him was that these aliens seemed to do what they did,
be it healing or making clothes, almost by instinct. They did it perfectly,
every time, apparently without the assistance of anything he could recognize
as technology as he understood it: there were no machines, no computers; only
simple tools like the cloth measuring tape. From the looks he had exchanged
with the other members of the crew, particularly the captain, it was clear
that everyone else was equally awed by the clothes they now wore. Most of them
even wore smiles at the incredibly pleasant feel of the garments, at least
until they remembered how they had come to be here.

The warriors, certainly, had more advanced technology available to them, such
as whatever device they used to stun a number of _Aurora’s_ crew. Yet their
preferred weapons would have been at home on any battlefield on Earth before
the widespread use of gunpowder weapons.

That and the lack of claws among the robed castes, which appeared to be
natural, and not a surgical modification, as best he could tell, made him
think that this species was likely far older than humanity. Yet how much
older, and how much more advanced, he couldn’t hazard a guess.

But the biggest puzzle was that they had seen no males. He didn’t want to make
any assumptions about why that might be. They knew almost nothing about this
species, except for their predilection for violence, but he found it extremely
curious. Since he and his shipmates hadn’t exactly had a chance to do a full
physiological examination of the aliens, perhaps they were hermaphrodites. But
something in his gut told him otherwise: even though their paths of evolution
had followed somewhat different courses, his own race and the aliens shared
far more similarities than differences. He was convinced that all of the
aliens they had seen so far were biologically female.

His internal analysis was interrupted when the humans were herded through yet
another massive door, far larger than the others they had passed. Inside was a
gigantic compartment hundreds of meters across that reminded him of an
amphitheater, with concentric rows of steps for spectators to stand on so all
could clearly see what transpired on the “stage” below.

The humans were positioned in the last row, behind two other rows of perhaps
three dozen aliens. Spaced wide apart in a semicircle around the stage, these
aliens also wore robes, but of a dark blue color. The aliens stood erect,
staring at the stage, holding their hands out in front of them as if they were
pushing something away. While he couldn’t read their body language, it was
clear that they were concentrating intently on the stage below.

As he looked down at the dark surface, he discovered that it was more akin to
a huge liquid pool whose surface had been completely still when they first
walked in, with whatever it contained merely mimicking a solid surface.

Suddenly the material in the pool below began to morph, and he watched with
growing horror as it took shape.

* * *

“That’s impossible,” McClaren breathed as he watched the apparition begin to
rise and take shape in the alien cauldron that lay below. He tore his gaze
from the thing and looked first at Amundsen, then Yao. Both of them were
staring back at him, eyes wide with shocked disbelief.

McClaren, in what was a major act of will, turned back to look at what was
taking form, somehow being created, cloned, using the black material in the
pool: the _Aurora’s_ central computer core. Next to it the navigation core
began to take shape. Just like with the healing goo, the black material in the
pool was being used as a matrix to create whatever the blue-robed controllers
willed. The components were still taking shape, with the various assemblies
supported by tendrils of the shimmering black material. McClaren had no idea
how the aliens did it, but they must have made an incredibly detailed scan of
his ship, probably as part of whatever happened to the electrical system. And
now, as humans could model a three-dimensional object in a computer and have a
machine produce an exact physical replica, the aliens were recreating the
computer systems here. He realized with a sinking feeling that it wouldn’t
have mattered if they had blown the computer hardware to bits. The aliens
already had what they needed. And he no longer entertained any hopes that they
would have difficulty interpreting the computer data. They would get whatever
they wanted, and there wasn’t a bloody thing he could do to stop them.

Before his eyes, the computer systems continued to take shape. While he only
saw the exterior of the components, he knew with cold certainty that the
memory crystals, which were custom grown in a zero gee environment, were
forming inside, and that the data held in their matrices would be completely
intact. Threads of the black substance connected to the extruded human
technology where optical links and power conduits entered the system,
providing power and input/output streams that the human design could interact
with.

He chanced another glance at Yao. The brilliant petty officer’s face was
ashen. Yao would know better than anyone, even Amundsen, the implications of
what they were seeing. None of them were good.

In a few minutes, the entire array of hardware and necessary peripheral
systems had been created. McClaren heard a series of soft clicks, and then the
telltale lights on the core casings flashed on: the system was booting up.

* * *

_The priestess watched silently from the shadows, invisible to the aliens, as
the builders performed their work recreating the alien ship’s control system.
While primitive, she nonetheless granted them respect for the achievement of
creating systems that took them to the stars, and courage for relying on such
simple machinery to take them there. _

_The matrix in the formation pool below was an analog of the symbiont used by
the healers. Advanced as it no doubt appeared to the aliens before her, it was
a feat achieved in what were now very ancient times, and was one of the many
examples where the lines between technology and biology had become blurred.
The builders, those who created that which the Empress required, from tiny
things invisible to the naked eye, to entire worlds, no longer used the
interfaces that were once required to control the matrix material. Their
evolution was shaped by the Empress over the ages, and the power to control
the creation of inanimate objects was now an effort of will, guided by the
mental vision of what was desired. Like the healers, the minds of the builders
could grasp the totality of a thing, see its construction on a subatomic
level. Her race did not use computational devices, computers, as the aliens
might understand them, for her people had no need. The use of such things had
long ago faded into the Books of Time._

_But that did not prevent the builders from understanding and creating what
was needed. The alien machines quickly took form, and the matrix was guided
into providing the necessary electrical input and other connectivity. The
major challenge the builders faced was to recreate it exactly as they had
memorized it when the alien vessel had been scanned, and not to improve upon
it. Otherwise they would have finished much more quickly._

_The system activated, and they monitored its initiation sequence. In their
perception, time was variable: they could slow down events relative to the
actual timescale. In this way they analyzed each function undertaken by the
machine. They did not learn the language the machine used, exactly, but they
understood on a fundamental level how it worked, much as the healers
understood the aliens’ bodies after they had been treated with the healing
gel. Following the machine’s primitive processing routines was a laborious,
excruciatingly painstaking experience, but the builders excelled at such
things. And with the priestess looking on, her Bloodsong echoing strongly in
their veins, the builders’ usual obsession with perfection was taken ever
higher._

_At last they understood what they needed to know about the machine and the
data it contained. Others would be required to interpret most of it, but one
thing they could show the priestess now..._

* * *

“Oh, _fuck_.”

McClaren heard the words, but didn’t know or care who said them. He wasn’t a
man who used foul language, but in this case the words exactly fit his
feelings.

Above the pool, where the clones of the ship’s computer systems hummed with
unnatural life, a stellar chart began to form. It was hologram, incredibly
realistic, that spread across the entire breadth of the huge theater. It
displayed the series of waypoints tracing _Aurora’s_ path to reach this
system, and after a moment additional data began to appear for each waypoint.
Much of it was visual, with realistic representations of the system stars and
planets, but some of it was also being translated from Standard into the
aliens’ language, judging by the runes that began to appear next to a number
of the systems and waypoints.

He thought his sense of horror couldn’t get any worse until he saw the first
colony world on the Rim, the last friendly port of call before _Aurora_ had
jumped into the unknown, appear in the rapidly expanding course the ship had
taken. Much more data in the aliens’ language suddenly appeared next to it,
suspended in the darkness above the renegade computers. Then onward to the
next, and the next.

Finally, there was Earth itself, the home port from where they’d sortied
months ago. The home of Mankind.

And then came the final insult: the navigation trace shifted to show Earth at
the center, and outward from there every single human colony and settlement
was displayed. The aliens might not have everything sorted out yet, for a
great deal of information was stored away in files that they would have to
learn Standard to interpret, but McClaren had no doubt they would: among its
other wonders, the computer contained a complete educational library. And then
every single human being would be at the mercy of these monsters.

He turned again to look at Amundsen and Yao, but instead caught a fleeting
glimpse of a towering figure detaching itself from the shadows along the wall
at the rear of the theater. Clearly a warrior, and the largest he had seen by
far, she silently disappeared into the passageway, her black cloak swirling
behind her.


* Chapter Five
Chapter Five{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER FIVE**

  

Ichiro marched along between his two guards as the humans were once more
paraded through the ship. He had been trying to keep careful track of the
turns and distances, and he guessed that they must be somewhere close to the
center of the great vessel. He had been shocked by what he’d seen in the
theater they’d just come from, his fear hammered deep by the ashen looks on
the faces of the officers and Yao Ming.

Beside him, one of his guards carried his grandfather’s sword. It was clear
that she was handling it very carefully, as if it were her own treasured
heirloom. She wore a weapon that bore more than a passing resemblance to the
_katana_ : a gently curved blade, somewhat longer than his grandfather’s
weapon, that ended in an elaborate but functional guard plated in what
appeared to be gold, and an equally elaborate grip. That, of course, wasn’t
the only weapon she carried: there were three of the throwing-style weapons
clinging to her left shoulder, and a wicked-looking long knife with a crystal
- _Diamond?_ he wondered - handle strapped to her side. Most of the other
warriors were similarly equipped, although every single weapon except for the
throwing stars, for lack of a better term, appeared to be custom-made. While
sometimes similar, no two were exactly alike.

His reverie ended quickly as they passed through a portal that was even larger
than the one to the theater. As the humans were escorted in, a chill ran down
Ichiro’s spine. This, too, was a sort of theater, but not one he wanted to be
in: it reminded him all too clearly of the Colosseum of ancient Rome that they
had studied as part of their military history lessons. In fact, had Roman
gladiators been snatched through time and dropped onto the sandy arena that
must have been nearly a hundred meters in diameter, he had no doubt that they
would have felt completely at home. It was built from tan-colored stone, the
finely set blocks polished to a smooth finish. While it wasn’t dilapidated
like the Colosseum, Ichiro couldn’t shake the uneasy feeling that this alien
version was terribly old, perhaps older than Rome itself.

The seating was arranged in two dozen or more rising tiers, and Ichiro
wondered at the size of the crew this vessel must carry: if this was designed
purely for those aboard this ship, there must be thousands of aliens aboard,
yet they had seen so few. There were arched portals arranged around the sand
of the circular arena, and above...

He paused, another wave of awe momentarily suppressing his fear. Above him was
a blue sky, slightly tinged with magenta, and a bright sun. It didn’t just
look like it was outdoors, as if it were a good projection or hologram, it
felt like it, too: the radiant warmth on his face from an alien star, just the
touch of a breeze, and faint odors from what must be some type of alien flora,
and not the scents they had noticed thus far on the ship , which had mostly
reminded him of cinnamon. There was a palpable sense of scale that he had only
ever felt planetside, almost as if they’d been teleported off the ship and
onto an alien world.

But when he turned around to look behind him, the passageway and the portal
through which they’d entered were still there.

After a moment of allowing the humans to gawk freely, their guards again
ushered them onward. Descending through a set of wide, curved steps, Ichiro
followed the others into a large anteroom that let onto the sands of the arena
through one of the portals that he’d seen earlier. He half expected there to
be torches on the walls and gladiators preparing themselves for combat.

When black-robed aliens entered the room, he realized that while the light was
coming from the walls and not ancient torches, there were indeed gladiators
here: he and his shipmates.

The warriors took up positions along the walls as the robed ones brought in a
veritable arsenal of weapons, from daggers and throwing knives to spears and
pikes, and swords of a bewildering variety. They arrayed them carefully on
several low benches clearly tailored for the purpose, then stood off to one
side.

* * *

_The ritual had its origins in time before legend, and the aliens were not
expected to understand. As with many things in the lives of those who served
Her, tradition and ritual reminded the living of the past, and were a mark of
the personal discipline and obedience of Her Children. _

_These aliens, the survivors of the original crew, would fight for the honor
of their race. They likely would not comprehend why they were about to die,
and win or lose, it would not avert the fires of war that would soon descend
on their worlds. It was for the sake of honor, and honor alone. The outcome
was inevitable, for in this ritual there were no survivors, save one: the
Messenger, who would be spared to tell the tale of what had happened here. And
to tell of what was soon to come. _

_After the armorers had laid out a suitable assortment of weapons the aliens
could arm themselves with, should they choose, the bearers of water brought
food and drink. The builders had replicated samples of the food and liquids
aboard the ship, based on what the healers had told them would be appropriate.
Fearing a trick, no doubt, one thing they need not have feared from their
hosts, some of the aliens refused the refreshments; others consumed what they
would. _

_The priestess watched them with her second sight, content to let the aliens
eat in peace. When they had finished, she nodded to her First, who commanded
that the warriors and clawless ones enter the arena and take their seats,
spectators to the ritual combat that was soon to begin._

_As they quickly filed into the arena’s stands, the priestess decided that it
was time to greet the aliens herself, and guide them in what must be done._

* * *

McClaren had forced himself to eat and drink something, not so much because he
was hungry or thirsty, but because he suspected he would need the energy soon.
He was also trying to lead by example, as some of the crew feared that the
food or drinks, which included water, coffee, and beer, of all things, might
be poisoned. But McClaren figured that the aliens could kill them a million
different ways, and poisoning didn’t seem to be their style. Their preferred
methods of mayhem and murder seemed a bit more direct.

The other officers had joined him in taking at least a token bite to eat of
some of the fruit and other food the aliens had offered. At first he had
thought the food must have been taken from the _Aurora’s_ galley, but on
further inspection he decided that the aliens had probably replicated it, just
as they had the ship’s computer systems. As much as anything, he was curious
about the taste, and wasn’t disappointed when he sampled one of the apples. It
was delicious, and he quickly ate it down to the core, then drank some water.

He noticed Yao moving slowly along the tables holding the weapons, looking at
them carefully, and walked over to join him. He knew more about Yao’s
background than anyone, except possibly Harkness, and he wanted his insights.
“What do you think, Yao?” he asked quietly. Since they had arrived in this
room, the aliens had relaxed their ban on the humans speaking to one another.
He was keeping his voice down because he didn’t want the other members of the
crew to hear.

Yao paused and looked up at him with troubled eyes. “You realize what is
coming, do you not, captain?” He glanced at the others, most of whom stood
huddled in a fearful group near the center of the room, watching the warriors
along the walls. “The crew...there is no way to prepare them.”

McClaren’s mind had been grasping at possibilities, at outcomes that would at
least give them a chance of survival. “I can’t accept that they’re just going
to kill us,” he grated, “not after all this. What would be the point?”

“The point may be irrelevant, captain,” Yao replied. “I believe we are to face
a test of character,” Yao told him. “We will never know the reason behind it,
for the aliens cannot communicate it to us, even if they wanted to, and we
must accept that. But I do not believe that any of us are destined to leave
this place alive.” His gaze hardened, revealing the warrior who dwelled
within. “The best we may do is to earn their respect.”

“I agree,” Amundsen said softly from behind them, having quietly moved over to
join the discussion. Marisova, Harkness, and the two midshipmen stood with
him. “I don’t see a positive end-game in this, captain. I realize that I’m
usually considered a pessimist, and often enough that’s true. But this,” he
gestured around them, at the weapons, at the portal that led onto the sands of
the arena, then shook his head. “I see nothing here that gives me any hope.
We’re sacrificial lambs.”

_“Kuildar mekh!”_ one of the warriors suddenly barked, startling the human
survivors. As one, the other warriors lowered their heads and brought their
left arms up to place an armored fist over their right breasts in some sort of
salute. The clawless ones did the same.

McClaren looked up toward the warrior who had spoken, wondering what was going
on, when behind her a huge warrior _walked right through the wall into the
room_. Had he not seen it with his own eyes, he would never have believed it.

“Jesus fucking Christ!” someone cried, and the group of crew members clustered
toward the center of the room darted away from the apparition like a school of
terrified fish.

McClaren realized that it was the same warrior he had caught a glimpse of
leaving the theater where they had reconstructed the ship’s computers. She was
something different from the others, over and above however she had managed to
walk through a solid wall. She was easily the tallest being in the room,
standing a full head taller than McClaren, with the most impressive physique
he had ever seen on a female (if inhuman) form. While her armor was a gleaming
black just like the others, hers had some sort of rune of blazing cyan in the
center of her breastplate. Her collar was also different, holding some sort of
ornamentation at her throat that bore the same marking as her breastplate, and
a dozen or more rows of the strange jeweled pendants that the other aliens,
including the robed ones, wore from their collars. Only this warrior had far
more than any of the others. The claws that protruded from her armored
gauntlets reminded him of the talons of an eagle, and were the longest he’d
seen by far. Her hair was also much longer than that of the others, but like
theirs was carefully braided, with the long coils looped around her upper
arms. Her face struck him as regal, with deep blue skin that was as smooth as
porcelain. Had her features been translated into the form of a human woman,
she would have been a thing of beauty. But here, now...

Ignoring the other humans, she walked straight toward him, bearing a staff in
one hand that he knew he would have had difficulty lifting off the ground with
one arm.

Mustering his courage, he stepped forward to meet her, gesturing for Yao and
the others to get behind him.

She stopped an arm’s length away, appraising him with silver-flecked feline
eyes that pierced his soul, and he felt as if he was staring into the eyes of
a hungry tiger.

In a way, he was not far wrong, for she was the ultimate predator among a race
of predators.

* * *

Tesh-Dar, high warrior priestess of the Desh-Ka order and blood sister of the
Empress, looked upon the alien in silence. She was the Empire’s greatest
living warrior, a legend among her fellow warriors, her peers, and had been
sent by the Empress to observe these beings. Aside from the Empress Herself,
Tesh-Dar was also the most sensitive to the song of the spirit, the Bloodsong,
that bound her people together, and to the Empress herself. She had studied
the aliens closely in this short time, and while she could sense their minds
and their churning emotions, she could hear nothing of the spiritual chorus
that might reveal their souls to her questing senses. Without the Bloodsong,
they were but animals in Her eyes, beyond Her grace and love. Yet they could
still serve the needs of the Empire.

For the way of their race, the _Kreela_ , was forged in the fires of battle,
and Tesh-Dar knew that they had at last found another worthy foe among the
stars. The last such enemy had been defeated and its flame extinguished from
the galaxy many generations before she was born. It had been a worthy race
that had fought well for hundreds of great cycles until, exhausted at last,
their civilization had collapsed in defeat. Unwilling to fight on, no longer
able to challenge Her Children in battle, the Empress had swept their race
from the stars. All that remained to prove they had existed were the accounts
of the war collected in the Books of Time, and samples of stone and flora
taken from their worlds, which had long since been reduced to molten rock and
ash.

The Bloodsong. It was an ethereal thing, unmeasurable by any instrument or
technology, but was as real as the ten thousand suns of the Empire. If the
aliens’ blood could be made to sing, they would be spared, for they would be
one with Her. But if not...

Tesh-Dar nodded to one of the warriors and held out her staff. The warrior
took it reverently, and another warrior handed her a small urn whose mouth was
large enough for an alien hand to reach inside. Turning to the dominant alien,
she offered the urn to it. After a moment of deliberation, the creature took
it, holding it in unsteady hands. It peered inside to find it empty.

One of the armorers, a clawless one robed in black as were all her sisters,
stepped forward. She held a small disk in each hand: one was black, the other
cyan. Tesh-Dar first took the black one in her ebony talons, holding it up to
the alien. She gestured with her free hand at the disk, then at the alien,
then the weapons, then the sands of the arena beyond. The creature’s face
began to turn pale, and she could sense its heart beating faster. It
suppressed its fear from the others of its kind, but it could not do so
against her heightened senses.

She dropped the black disk into the urn, and the armorer produced twenty-one
more, dropping them in slowly so that the creature could count them.

Then she handed Tesh-Dar the cyan disk. Tesh-Dar again gestured at the disk,
then at the alien, and then she projected an image of the alien ship in the
air around them, and pointed to it; the image morphed to show the ship
returning to its point of origin, which the priestess now knew was where this
species had first been born. As tradition demanded, whichever alien chose the
cyan disk would be the Messenger. She dropped the disk into the urn, held in
the alien’s unsteady hands.

Twenty-three disks.

Twenty-three aliens. Twenty-two would die, and one would live to bring the
tidings of war to its people.

She did not have to know their language or read their thoughts to know that
the dominant animal and its companions understood.

* * *

“It’s a fucking lottery,” someone choked in the shocked silence that followed
the innocent sounding _clink_ made by the last disk, the one McClaren thought
of as _the ticket home_ , as it fell into the urn he was holding.

“Throw the goddamn things back at them!” Gene Kilmer, the brawny rating who’d
been with Harkness when the aliens attacked, shouted angrily.

“No,” one of the enlisted men said quietly, his eyes wild. “I’m not going to
die here. _I’m not going to die here, do you hear me!_ ” he shrieked, his eyes
a mask of undiluted fear as he backed away from the tall alien woman who now
speared him with a rapacious gaze. In a blind panic, he tried to bolt toward
the entrance they’d come through earlier, oblivious to everyone and everything
around him.

Before the warriors could react, Marisova darted sideways and deftly grabbed
the younger man in a full nelson hold, her arms wrapped under his armpits and
locked behind his neck, totally immobilizing him.

Harkness was there an instant later, her hands clamped to either side of his
face, her nose a centimeter from his. “Listen to me, Lederman!” she shouted,
but he continued to struggle, trying to kick her and drive Marisova off
balance. Harkness let go of him with her right hand and slapped him hard
enough to snap his head back before turning his dazed face toward hers again,
her eyes boring into his. “Listen, damn you!” she hissed. “You are not going
to panic, you bastard. You are _not!_ ” She shook him, her hands in his crew
cut hair now, holding on so hard her knuckles were white. “Do you hear me? _Do
you?”_

Lederman’s eyes slowly focused on hers and his struggles eased, then stopped.
He sagged in Marisova’s grip, and she suddenly found herself not having to
restrain him, but to keep him from collapsing to the deck. He suddenly burst
into tears. “I don’t want to die, chief,” he said miserably. “Not like this.”
He shook his head. “Not like this...”

“We all die, Lederman,” Harkness told him, her voice softening as she released
her death grip on his hair, her hands moving now to his shoulders, giving a
gentle squeeze of comfort. “And most times we don’t get to pick how we go. But
listen,” she told him, leaning to touch her forehead against his, “if we have
to die, I don’t want to give these fuckers the satisfaction of seeing us
afraid. They attacked our ship. They murdered our friends and shipmates in
cold blood, Lederman. I don’t know about you, but I want some goddamn payback.
If they kill me, fine. But I plan on kicking some of their blue-skinned asses
before I go down.” She lifted his chin with one hand so their eyes met again.
“What do you say?”

With an obvious effort, she could see that Lederman was getting it together.
He was still terrified, but she could see the spark of anger she’d planted
growing in his eyes. “You’re right, chief,” he rasped, nodding. “Shit, I’m
sorry.”

“Just use it, Lederman,” she told him as she stepped away. “Get pissed at what
these bitches did and use it.”

He nodded, and Marisova released him. “I’m sorry, captain,” he told McClaren.
“I...lost it-”

“It’s okay, son,” McClaren said, nodding his thanks to Marisova and Harkness.
“You just said and did what most of us would like to.” He looked around at the
others. “Petty Officer Yao told me a theory, that this is a test of character,
and an opportunity to gain the respect of the aliens. Now that we know what’s
in store,” he gestured to the urn, “I think he’s right.”

“Captain,” one of the others asked, “what if we just refuse?”

Glancing at the tall warrior who stood watching them intently, he said, “We’d
be slaughtered where we stand,” he said bluntly, “just like the rest of the
crew.” He paused, thinking of what Harkness had said, and suddenly he felt the
fear start to slip away from him. Part of the fear of death lay in
uncertainty, the fear of when, or where, or how you would die. But that was
gone now. He knew that he was going to die here, in a time probably measured
in minutes from now, at the hands of one of these alien warriors. In that
moment, he accepted death’s inevitability as something more than an
intellectual understanding. He looked over to see Yao looking at him, a
knowing look on his face. “No,” McClaren went on firmly. “We’re going to stand
and fight. Aside from Yao, most of us don’t have extensive martial arts
training, so we’re at a big disadvantage. But our goal here isn’t to win. Our
goal is to do what we can to make them pay for what they’ve done.” He could
see that his resolution was beginning to take root in the others. Most of them
were still clearly afraid, and he didn’t blame them a bit. But they were good
men and women. The best. And he could think of worse ways to die. “Are you
with me?” he asked them quietly.

Each of them met his gaze as he looked around the room, nodding their
agreement.

“Okay, then,” he said with a grim smile. “So much for the tough breaks. Now
for the lucky sod who gets to go home.” He gave the urn a good shake, mixing
the disks it contained. Then he went to the lowest ranking survivor of the
crew, a young African woman who had been plucked right out of advanced
training to serve on the _Aurora_. It was to be her first and only deployment.
“Subira,” he said softly, calling her by her first name, “you get first shot
at the golden ticket.”

Subira, whose skin was nearly as black as the armor the aliens wore, slowly
shook her head. “I’m not leaving, captain,” she told him firmly, her face
proud and defiant, not toward him, but their hosts. “Let someone else pick
first.”

He nodded, not trusting his voice as tears began to form in his eyes. He was
so proud of her. So proud of them all. One by one, they refused to reach into
the urn.

Finally, Ichiro, the youngest among them, spoke. “Captain,” he said formally,
drawing himself to attention. “Sir, none of us are leaving. We are your crew,
and we are staying together. Staying with you.”

“Is that what you all say?” McClaren asked them softly. “As honored as I am to
have you here, one of us has the chance to get home and tell them what
happened here.”

“If they want, I’m sure they have the means to send the ship back with the
bodies of the crew,” Amundsen said darkly. “That should tell the story close
enough, sir.”

The rest of them nodded agreement. They were staying. All of them.

McClaren turned back to the tall warrior and stepped up to her, his fear gone
now. The die was cast. He pointed at himself, then the others, then at the
weapons and the sands of the arena where he could see what must be thousands
of aliens now. He held out the urn to her, and she took it. Her expression was
unreadable, but if he had to guess, he would have said she was pleasantly
surprised.

* * *

As she took the urn back from the dominant alien, Tesh-Dar was indeed pleased.
These creatures had demonstrated resilience and a will to survive that would
challenge Her Children in the war-to-be, and she eagerly awaited the coming
combat.

While the aliens had declined the lottery, a Messenger would still be chosen.
A Messenger was always chosen, for that was the way of things since ages long
past. She did not know yet which one to choose, but she was content in the
certainty that she would when the moment came.

In the meantime, the aliens began to choose their weapons from among those the
armorers had provided. And beyond the wide portal to the arena, the peers
continued to gather.


* Chapter Six
Chapter Six{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER SIX**

  

Reduced from the captain of one of humanity’s most advanced starships to a
gladiator with only modest skills, Captain McClaren stood in the center of the
line formed by _Aurora’s_ survivors in the sands of this strange arena. The
stands were packed with alien spectators, thousands of them, who murmured
amongst themselves in their own language. As he and a number of the others in
the crew had noted earlier, every single one of them appeared to be female:
armored warriors or those that wore robes of a bewildering variety of colors,
there was not a single male among them that he could see. He realized this
would no doubt be important to the xenobiologists back home, but it was purely
academic to a man about to die.

Unlike most of the rest of his crew, he had chosen to forego any of the many
weapons they had been offered. He was trained as a boxer and knew how to use
his fists as weapons. He wasn’t as young or as strong as he once was, but he
felt better than he had in a long time. He couldn’t say that his soul was at
peace, exactly, but he was determined to send a clear message to the aliens
that, despite their advanced technology and the massacre aboard the _Aurora_ ,
humans weren’t going to let them have a free ride. He only hoped that the
aliens would meet him and the others on roughly equal terms, or the coming
bloodbath would be an extremely brief affair.

He had already said his goodbyes to the others just before they’d been herded
out here and formed into a line facing the far side of the arena. He had
shaken everyone’s hand and told them that it had been an honor to serve with
them, and he meant it down to the bottom of his heart. It had taken all his
willpower not to break down and cry, not in fear, but in pride at their
courage and resolution. If the aliens wanted a showing of the best humanity
had to offer, they would find it here among his crew, his comrades.

When the alien warriors gestured for them to move out to the arena, Harkness
called the crew to attention, and the men and women of the _Aurora_ fell into
formation as if they were in a fleet inspection. After a glance at the
warriors to make sure they didn’t plan to interfere, she turned her attention
back to the crew. She cast a critical eye over them to make sure their
formation was nothing less than perfect. Then she did an about face, waiting
for her captain to take charge.

As McClaren stepped to the head of the formation, he came to attention and she
rendered a sharp salute. “Ship’s company ready for...” she paused, her face
hardening, “...ready for battle, sir.”

McClaren returned her salute, snapping his arm up, fingers at his brow. “Post,
chief,” he ordered her quietly before snapping his arm down to his side.

Her eyes held his for a long moment before she replied, “Aye, aye, sir!” in
her best deck formation voice, her words echoing off the stone walls. Then she
pivoted on her heel and took up position at the rear of their little
formation.

With one last look over the men and women of his command, McClaren marched
them out in single file onto the waiting sands of the arena.

* * *

Ichiro stood to his captain’s right, holding his grandfather’s _katana_. After
the captain had given in to the crew’s desire to stay, everyone had begun
choosing weapons. Ichiro had started toward one of the tables when the alien
warrior who had taken his grandfather’s sword stopped him. She held it up
before him in both hands, arms outstretched, and bowed her head to him as he
took it from her, grasping the black lacquered scabbard in shaking hands. She
held his gaze, and for just a moment he thought he detected a trace of empathy
in her inhuman eyes. She murmured something to him in her language, her long
ivory canines flashing behind her dark ruby lips, and then she turned away to
join her fellow warriors.

He had left the scabbard behind in the weapons room, for he knew he would
never need it again. The weapon felt good in his hands, the carefully wound
leather of the handle easy to grip, despite the sweat pouring from his palms.
Because he had never had any training in swordsmanship, he knew that he would
only last a matter of seconds against any of the alien warriors, who were
clearly trained from childhood in combat. But the _katana_ represented his
heritage, and as his grandfather had often told him, the true nature of the
warrior rested in his spirit, not in his knowledge of technique or the weapon
he held. He would die, but he would die a man, and with honor.

He hadn’t completely mastered his fear, but as the captain himself had
discovered, removing the unknowns had allowed him to control it. He hoped it
would be quick, but he also hoped that he would give a good accounting of
himself before he died, that he would make his grandfather’s spirit proud.

* * *

Standing at the far right of the human line, Amundsen had chosen an alien
version of the quarterstaff. He had no experience with any of the other types
of weapons, but as a child he and his brother had often engaged in sparring
with poles not unlike this. He would have been much more comfortable with a
rifle, but that wasn’t one of the options they had been given, and he was
completely useless at unarmed combat.

Like the captain, he had noticed the complete lack of males among the gathered
spectators. It was indeed an academic question at this point, but those were
the types of things he had spent his life exploring. If he lived only a few
more minutes, then it was worth spending them analyzing the aliens. To satisfy
his own curiosity, if nothing else. He just wished that he would have been
able to pass on the information to someone who could have put it to use.

He guessed there were probably upward of twenty thousand of them packed into
the arena to see the coming slaughter. The warriors, so far as he could see,
appeared to be a completely homogenous group: all wore gleaming black armor,
all wore a black collar around the neck with some number of the gleaming
pendants (this adornment appeared to be common to all of the aliens), and all
were armed to the teeth with completely customized weapons. The only exception
had been the huge alien who had faced off with McClaren in the strange lottery
business. She was clearly a warrior, but was not one of the rank and file:
aside from her size, she wore that strange adornment on her throat that echoed
the rune on her breastplate, carried that huge staff that looked like it
probably weighed twenty kilos, and wore a black cloak. Unlike the other
warriors, she only carried a single weapon, a short sword, although he
suspected that she was more dangerous than a dozen of the others, particularly
in light of that walking-through-walls stunt she had pulled earlier. The other
crewmen were sure that it had been some sort of illusion using holographic
projection. Amundsen hadn’t argued, but he was completely convinced that what
they had seen had been real: she had somehow walked right through a stone wall
that was probably a full meter thick. How she had done it, he couldn’t even
guess. He didn’t believe in magic, but the level of technology this
civilization had achieved was so far beyond humanity’s that it may as well
have been a form of sorcery.

As for the other aliens, they had two common features that were distinct from
the warriors: they wore robes and they didn’t have any claws on their fingers.
It was clear to him now, having seen several of them in action in the last
couple of hours, that the color of the robe identified the functional caste
(for lack of a better term) of the wearer. What he took to be physicians wore
white; the ones who worked on weapons and personal garments and armor wore
black; then there was the dark blue of the ones who recreated the _Aurora’s_
computer systems. All of them were highly specialized, and in some cases,
particularly with the physicians and the ones who recreated the computer
systems, they apparently were able to interface with other “systems” (if one
could consider such things as the healing goo and the black matrix in the tank
of the theater as systems) without any visible intervening technology.

Looking through the crowd, he identified at least two dozen different colors
of robes being worn. On the surface that seemed like a lot of specialized
castes, but on the scale of human technical specialization it was nothing:
everything from fixing a toilet to designing a starship required some sort of
specialized skills, and it often took years to learn them. Surely the aliens
still had need of a a similar variety of skills, far more than the two dozen
or so castes here represented. But perhaps their people didn’t need nearly as
long to learn such skills, or maybe each caste could do many things in a given
area. The physicians, for example, replaced in a single caste hundreds of
different types of specialists among their human counterparts. They also did a
far better job, even having known nothing about their human guinea pigs prior
to a few hours ago.

While the others were more concerned about the next few moments, Amundsen’s
reflections on the nature of the aliens chilled him in more abstract terms: if
what he thought was even close to being correct, the aliens would have an
incalculable advantage against humanity in a conflict. With warriors like
these, backed up by legions of their robed sisters who could create or do
virtually anything, they would be unstoppable.

Gripping the quarterstaff in his hands so tightly that his knuckles were bled
white, Amundsen for the thousandth time cursed the fate that had brought them
to this system.

* * *

Yao Ming stood to the right of young Sato, with Midshipman Zalenski on his own
right. By tacit understanding with the captain that was made with no more than
a quick look and a nod, he had positioned himself between the two young
cadets, with Marisova on the other side of Zalenski, in what he knew was the
vain hope of providing them some protection in the coming ordeal. No one
doubted the outcome of this alien duel, but Yao was determined that the two
youngsters would not be among the first to die.

While Yao had considered one of the finely crafted alien swords, like the
captain and a few of the others he had decided that his most trusty weapons
were those provided by his own body. He was an outstanding swordsman, but he
was even better with his bare hands and feet. And those were the weapons he
would use.

While the others stood upon the sands and tensely watched the alien crowd,
wondering what would happen next, Yao was thinking of...nothing. Having
assumed the standing meditation, or _Wu Ji_ , posture, he stood with his feet
shoulder width apart, toes pointed forward, and a slight bend in his knees.
His hands dangled loosely at his sides, all the tension having been drained
away from his shoulders and upper body. Head held suspended as if by a string,
his eyes were closed, and he was perfectly relaxed. He focused on the union of
his feet to the alien sand, imagining that it was the Earth, and drew power
from it as he slowly inhaled its energy, then exhaled the tension from his
body. He imagined the energy flowing upward from his feet, filling his entire
body as he swept everything else away.

His companions, looking at him, might have thought he was in a trance. Nothing
would have been further from the truth: he was totally alert. In fact, he was
far more alert than the others, for he had eliminated all distractions, all
fear, all doubt.

With a contented sigh, he continued his meditation, only opening his eyes when
the alien challengers stepped into the arena.

* * *

Harkness gritted her teeth as a stream of warriors emerged from one of the
portals on the opposite side of the arena. She counted them, noting with no
surprise that there were twenty-three. One for one.

On her right stood the captain; on her left stood Kilmer. He had muscled over
one of the other ratings who had taken the spot first, insisting he be next to
her.

“Chief,” he said awkwardly as the aliens formed up into a line and began to
slowly advance toward them, “it’s...it’s been an honor.”

Harkness turned to stare at him. He had always been a monumental pain in the
ass and she’d always put up with him only because he was so damn good at his
job. When it came right down to it, pain in the ass aside, he’d been a good
sailor and a good shipmate. She smiled at him, brushing away a tear that
threatened to race down her cheek. She never in a million years would have
expected him to say something so sentimental. “Fuck you, you big ape,” she
said hoarsely.

He gave her a huge smile in return, and quipped, “You know chief, I’d love to
take you up on that offer, but your timing really sucks.”

She made a very unladylike snort as she suppressed a laugh. Then, seriously,
she told him, “Good luck, sailor boy.”

He nodded, his roughly chiseled face grinning eagerly as he casually slammed a
fist into his open palm. “You, too, chief,” he told her. “Let’s kick some
fucking alien ass.”

As she turned her attention back to the approaching aliens, she saw that they
had removed their armor and were now dressed identically to the humans,
wearing only the black garment and sandals, plus their collars. _Evening the
odds a bit for us_ , she thought. They bore weapons similar to what each of
_Aurora’s_ crew members had chosen, with each warrior squaring off opposite
her human counterpart.

Harkness studied the woman, the enemy, who came to stand in front of her,
looking at how she carried the weapons Harkness herself had chosen: two sticks
made of something that was like wood (but probably wasn’t, Harkness thought),
each a bit less than a meter in length and maybe as big around as her thumb. A
practitioner of _Eskrima_ , a Filipino martial art, would have been quite
comfortable using them, but Harkness had never heard of _Eskrima_. She knew
nothing about martial arts except the hopped-up sequences she’d seen in the
holo-vids, and figured she’d probably only last two seconds with a bladed
weapon in her hands. But the two sticks were at least easy for her to hold and
swing, and having one in each hand gave her a small illusion of being able to
defend herself. She might even be able to give her opponent a whack or two.

She spared a glance at Kilmer’s opposite number: a husky warrior who held no
weapons. Kilmer had fondled just about every sword and other killing
contraption they’d had to choose from, but in the end had decided, like the
captain and Yao, that he was most comfortable fighting with his fists. He was
a brawler, and a good one: Harkness could attest to that from the times she’d
seen him wallop landlubbers in planetside bars, just before she’d had to drag
him and any others out before the modern day shore police arrived.

She looked toward the captain, wondering what was supposed to happen next. He
only shook his head and shrugged.

The tall warrior chose that moment to enter the arena, and the babble of the
thousands of aliens gathered in the stands of the arena stilled.

* * *

Tesh-Dar strode through the portal the other warriors had used to enter the
arena. Unlike them, her sandals made no imprint upon the sand as her long and
powerful legs carried her to the stone dais set at one end of the arena. Last
of the great warrior priestesses of the Desh-Ka, the oldest order that had
ever served the Empress since a time before legend, Tesh-Dar was as much
spirit as she was flesh. Her powers were beyond the understanding of most of
her own race, let alone the wide-eyed strangers who now watched her with a
mixture of awe and fear. She no longer wore her short sword, an ancient weapon
many generations-old, or her cloak, but was armed for combat: she wore a
wicked longsword in a scabbard sheathed at her back; another sword, not unlike
the one brought by one of the young aliens, hung from her left waist; and her
favorite weapon, the _grakh’ta_ , a seven-stranded barbed whip, was coiled at
her right waist. Three of the lethal throwing weapons, known as the _shrekka_
, were clipped to the armor of her left shoulder in the traditional position.

As she entered, the gathered peers stood and saluted, left fists over their
right breasts and heads bowed, the crash of the warriors’ armored gauntlets
against their breastplates echoing as though from a single giant hammer. This
was the way of things throughout the Empire wherever Tesh-Dar went, for she
had no living equals: she stood upon the first step below the Throne itself,
upon the great pyramid of steps that defined the status of each and every one
of Her Children. Even the few remaining great warrior priestesses of the other
orders climbed no higher than the third step from the Empress. Only the
Empress held a higher place in the hierarchy of their people. Had Tesh-Dar not
been who and what she was, no doubt the Empress would have come Herself to
oversee this Challenge, such was the importance of what was to take place
here. But She was closely linked to Her blood sister, and instinctively
trusted Tesh-Dar’s judgement and feelings. For with Tesh-Dar here, the Empress
could concentrate fully on the changes even now sweeping many parts of the
Empire to prepare for war with the strangers. Such trust was a singular
privilege and honor for the great priestess, but her towering status among the
peers made for a lonely aerie, even for one whose soul was bound to countless
billions of others.

Standing upon the dais, the stone of which had been quarried from the
Homeworld thousands of human years before, she gestured to the gathered peers,
the crews of the squadron of ships that still hung in space around the alien
vessel, and they silently took their seats. She looked upon the two lines of
warriors: one of her own kin, whose blood sang clearly with want of battle;
and the strangers of pale flesh who were silent, soulless creatures to her
spiritual ears. She knew that they would not understand any of what was to
come, or why it was so important to Tesh-Dar’s people. Few even among Her
Children truly understood the importance of these rare encounters with other
civilizations. For they did not realize that their own race had been slowly
dying for over a hundred thousand years as marked in the time of the orbit of
the aliens’ homeworld around its parent star. With every encounter with
another race that Tesh-Dar’s people had experienced in past millennia, the
Empress and those who knew the heart-wrenching truth behind some of their
ancient legends built up their hopes that they would find among the strangers
that which they had sought for tens of thousands of great cycles: one not of
Her Own kind whose blood would sing, one who could save Tesh-Dar’s people from
eventual extinction.

But their hopes had thus far been in vain. The dozen spacefaring species
encountered in past ages had been given every chance for the blood of even a
single one among them to sing, but none had. Truly, they had served in
glorifying the Empress through battle, but in the end the defeat of the
strangers of old had left nothing but more pages in the Books of Time. And
Tesh-Dar knew as well as the Empress that there were few enough pages left
before Her Children would be no more. Centuries, perhaps, but no longer.

Such were Tesh-Dar’s thoughts when she began to speak. “Long has it been, my
sisters, since we have encountered strangers among the stars,” she told the
gathered thousands in the New Tongue, her powerful contralto voice echoing
across the arena. While her words carried no farther than the stone walls
around her, her Bloodsong cast her emotions and sensations in a wave that
swept through the Empire. As she spoke, the toil and labor of the billions of
Her Children across ten thousand star systems came to a halt as they rode the
emotional tide experienced by Tesh-Dar and the peers gathered here as witness.
“Coming to us of their own purpose, of their own accord, they do not know the
Way of Her Children, for their blood does not sing. Soulless they may be, but
as in ages past, in the time since the First Empress left us, they will be
given the right of Challenge, to give them every chance for their blood to
sing.

“For as the warriors of Her Blood well know, the Bloodsong echoes in our veins
the strongest when in battle, just as it sings most clearly from the hearts of
the clawless mistresses when achieving perfection in form. For this is our
Way. So has it been-”

“-so shall it forever be,” the crowd replied as one.

“The warriors chosen to fight this day I have carefully matched to the
strangers,” Tesh-Dar went on. “For while it is a battle to the death, we seek
no advantage, for that brings Her no glory, no honor. For the Way of Her
Children is not a path easily traveled, and honor is not given, but must be
earned.” She paused to look closely at the strangers who stared at her,
uncomprehending. “None of the strangers may leave, save the Messenger, whom I
shall choose.” Looking at each of the warriors arrayed against the aliens, she
added, “Should all of our sisters fall at the hands of the strangers, I shall
complete what they began with my own hand.” She raised her staff a hand’s
breadth and then hammered it down onto the dais, the sound reverberating like
a gunshot. “In Her name,” she called to the warriors standing ready in the
arena, “let it begin.”


* Chapter Seven
Chapter Seven{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER SEVEN**

  

Captain McClaren listened to the speech made by the commanding warrior,
although of course he couldn’t understand her. It infuriated him, because his
crew had been murdered. The few of them here were walking dead now, he knew,
and he couldn’t even ask her why.

When she rapped her staff on the stone dais, he knew it must be time for the
fun to begin. For with the last few words she spoke, the warriors facing his
crew went from simply being wary and alert while they listened to their leader
to being as tense as spring steel under a heavy load.

The warrior opposite him was just a bit shorter than he was and probably
weighed less by a good ten or more kilos, but he had no intention of
underestimating her. It was abundantly clear that her people trained their
entire lives for whatever skill they would have as adults. That was okay by
him, because many humans did, too.

He assumed the classic boxer’s stance, hands raised up to guard his face with
his arms protecting his upper body, with one leg forward, knees bent. He felt
light on his feet as he began to move toward his opponent to test her skills
and see what he was really up against. Adrenaline surged through his arteries,
now that the fight was upon them. He almost hated to admit it to himself, but
he felt oddly ready for this. He felt _good_.

As captain, he wanted to be the one to land the first blow (or take the first
hit); this was part of the “first in, last out” philosophy that had been one
of the guiding principles of his style of leadership. But he refused to let
himself rush in like a fool: he was too experienced for that, and while he
knew he would die on these sands, he wanted to take out at least one of the
enemy, one of Harkness’s “fucking alien bitches”, with him.

But the first blow wasn’t to be his: he suddenly saw Ichiro Sato rush toward
his opponent, his bellow echoing across the arena as their swords crashed
together.

* * *

Ichiro had stood silently, eyeing his opponent as the big warrior spoke.
Unlike the other alien warriors, who were roughly similar in size (and
presumably age, although that was impossible to tell) to their human
counterparts, Ichiro’s was clearly smaller than himself. If he had to guess,
had she been a human girl she might have been twelve or thirteen, if that. She
held a sword similar to his (it seemed that the _katana’s_ form was a
universal constant in bladed weapons) and he had no doubt she knew how to use
it far better than he did.

Nonetheless, it was a maddening insult. He had reconciled himself to dying,
but had imagined he would be cut down by a warrior like the one who had handed
back his grandfather’s sword: he clearly would have been no match for someone
like her, and he would have been content with that.

But this was simply too much. In the brief moment of uncertainty that took
hold in the arena after the big warrior had spoken her final words, Ichiro’s
indignity overrode any pretense of logic or sense.

Whipping the gleaming _katana_ above his head, holding it high with both
hands, he charged his opponent, roaring his undiluted rage.

* * *

Tesh-Dar watched intently with both her physical and spiritual senses as the
battle was joined. The rash young alien was the first to strike. Tesh-Dar
noted with satisfaction that Li’an-Kumer, the young warrior chosen to face the
human, did not kill him right away, as she easily could. Instead, she parried
his spirited but foolish attack, then twirled in closer to deliver a cut that
left only a minor flesh wound. The alien animal howled, more in indignation
than in pain, Tesh-Dar thought, and slashed ineffectively at Li’an-Kumer with
his sword.

Content that the young warrior had this creature well in hand, she swept her
gaze over the other combats that were developing. Some of the combatants had
not yet actually closed with their opponents in these first few seconds, but
were still sizing up their opposition.

And then, as if a secret signal had been given, they all crashed together in a
mass of snarling fury.

Tesh-Dar focused her attention on the one about whom she was most curious, one
of the older animals whose inner strength radiated like a beacon...

* * *

For a fleeting instant as Sato charged forward, Yao Ming prepared to save the
young man from his impetuosity. But there was something about the stance of
the alien girl opposite him that told Yao that he need not intervene. Yet. As
Yao stood, no longer in the _Wu Ji_ posture, but simply standing calmly, he
watched Sato’s attack in slow motion, and was content with the young alien’s
reaction. She seemed happy to play with Sato for now, and that would allow Yao
some time to deal with his own opponent.

The warrior facing him wore many more of the pendants around her collar than
the other aliens, which Yao assumed meant she was far more accomplished. She
also had silver claws, which perhaps a third of the others had, as well; the
remainder had black claws. He had no idea if this was an adornment of some
sort, or if it was physiological. He had also recognized her fluid grace in
step and posture as she had strode forward into the arena. All of the warriors
possessed a sort of feline grace, but this one was different, more like the
great warrior who now stood watching the proceedings. For in her he had seen a
grace and power, quite apart from her size, like he had never seen before.

His opponent calmly stared at him, her form a mirror image of his own,
radiating confident strength. Yao had considered going on the attack, and
would have if he had perceived an immediate major threat to either of the
midshipmen. But Sato appeared to be all right for the moment, and on Yao’s
other side, Midshipman Zalenski was sparring confidently with her own
opponent, armed with the alien equivalent of a saber. This gave Yao the choice
of going on the offense or letting the alien do so. While _t’ai chi_ could
certainly be used in the attack, its roots were in defense, and he lost
nothing by ceding the initiative to her. In fact, that gave him a certain
advantage in his own fighting style, allowing him to use her own energy
against her.

So he stood there, relaxed, staring into the alien’s eyes as the battle was
joined around him in a frenzied cacophony of curses and cries of pain, of
metal striking metal, striking flesh. One second passed, then two.

And then she attacked.

* * *

Harkness reeled from the agonizing pain in her left thigh and right breast.
The simple sticks were not as glamorous, or gory, perhaps, as a sword, and not
as swiftly lethal, but she had never felt such agony as she was feeling now:
it felt like her flesh had been seared by white-hot metal.

She had managed to stave off most of the blows the alien had rained down upon
her since the match began, at least until the bitch had grown tired of playing
around and decided to systematically attack Harkness’s right hand, breaking
three of her fingers in a savage strike. Then the alien smashed both of her
sticks against Harkness’s right breast, and whirled around to do the same to
her left thigh as Harkness reflexively brought both hands up to try and
protect her chest from another attack.

Her left leg collapsed under her, effectively paralyzed from the pain. As
Harkness went down, the alien slammed her sticks down in a brutal one-two
strike on the chief’s exposed shoulders. Harkness screamed as she fell face-
first into the sand, her body quaking from the pain. She tried to roll over
and free her left hand, which still clung desperately to one of the sticks, to
defend herself, but she couldn’t. It felt as if the muscles in her shoulders
had been severed with a knife, and she couldn’t move her arms. The best she
could manage was to turn her head enough to spit out the sand from her mouth.

She suddenly felt the alien slip a foot under her belly and lift, flipping her
over onto her back like a turtle. The alien stared down at her impassively as
she brought her weapons up to deliver the _coup de grâce_.

“Fuck you, you bitch,” Harkness spat, staring the alien in the eye.

Suddenly a hulking figure swept across Harkness’s vision, and with a surprised
grunt the alien warrior was literally carried away. Harkness watched in wonder
as Kilmer, his face already a tattered mess, slammed her tormentor into the
sands of the arena and straddled her chest. Grabbing her by the neck with one
hand, he began to rhythmically pound her in the face with his other bloodied
fist. The warrior frantically beat at him with the sticks, hitting him in the
head, in the side of the ribs, in the legs, but he seemed impervious to what
Harkness knew must have been blinding pain.

Then the warrior abandoned the sticks and used the weapons she was naturally
equipped with. Snarling in fury and pain, one of her fangs snapped off by one
of Kilmer’s hammer-blows, she stabbed him in the throat with the talons of her
right hand, while using the left to claw at his face.

He contemptuously swatted away the hand she tried to claw him with and simply
ignored the fact that he’d been stabbed. With blood streaming from his torn
throat, the alien’s hand still desperately slashing and tearing, his right
fist became a jackhammer against the alien’s face, battering her down to the
bone.

After a few more seconds, her hand fell away from his throat, and she stopped
struggling. Whether he had strangled her or had fractured her skull, or both,
it was clear that she was done. Dead.

Kilmer turned to Harkness and gave her a smile through his bloody lips. Then
he slowly sank down on top of the second warrior he’d killed.

Harkness managed to crawl over to him, her own injuries seeming like trifles
in comparison. “Kilmer,” she rasped, tears flowing freely down her cheeks,
“you didn’t have to do that, you damn fool.”

“Couldn’t stand...to see...my chief scream,” he whispered, the sound more of a
wet whistle as it passed through what was left of his throat, “except at me.”

Harkness cradled his head gently against her chest. Turning to where Kilmer’s
original opponent lay still in the sand, Harkness saw that the warrior’s jaw
was misshapen, no doubt smashed to splinters by one of his fists, and her face
was a patchwork of bloody flesh. He must have fought like a lion to defeat her
so quickly so he could help defend Harkness.

She held him tenderly the few remaining moments until he died. Then, grasping
one of the sticks with her good hand, she struggled to her feet. If she was
going to die, she wasn’t going to do it whimpering in the sand.

* * *

McClaren was holding his own, but that was about as much credit as he could
give himself. The alien was simply a better fighter, although not by much. But
in a battle to the death, it didn’t necessarily take much. He had seen Kilmer
and Harkness go down, but they weren’t the first. About half a dozen others
had died already, and the battle had become one of exhausted attrition.

Most people who had never engaged in a real fight didn’t realize just how much
physical stamina it required. While most of his crew, including himself, were
in good shape, only a handful had the athletic conditioning for combat that
the aliens clearly had. Even those who had close-combat training were simply
being worn down.

McClaren dodged another open-handed strike from his opponent. Her fighting
style would have been interesting if he wasn’t in a fight for his life. It was
similar to boxing, but instead of using clenched fists, she struck with her
hands open, using the heels of her hands instead of her knuckles. It made
sense, since it would be difficult for her to clench her hands like he did:
her claws would cut right into her palms.

Regardless, her style was quite effective: the blows she’d landed felt like
he’d been hit with a small sledge hammer. He had managed to give her some
satisfaction in return, but she was faster than he was, and equally tough. He
had snapped her head back a few times and gotten solid hits on her torso, but
it felt like he was hitting a leather punching bag packed with sand and solid
as a rock.

She dropped low and made a quick jab for his midsection, and he twisted his
torso slightly to deflect part of the blow while lashing out with a right
hook. Luck was with him this time, and he made a solid connection with her
jaw. She spun away from him, blood spraying from her mouth, but it was only a
momentary victory. Stepping back from him, not letting him pursue the
advantage, she shook her head vigorously, regaining her bearings as she warded
off his jabs.

Then, baring her fangs in anger, she bored into him with those feline eyes and
moved back into the attack, driving him back with a blinding flurry of open-
handed strikes.

* * *

While Yao was anything but a sociologist, he was able to tell a great deal
about the aliens’ culture from the way his opponent fought. As with many human
martial arts that emphasized hand and foot strikes in the attack, the alien’s
style of fighting clearly was based on the offense, at expressing aggression.
Considering the humans’ experience with their hostesses thus far, that came as
no surprise.

But she was clearly surprised, and growing increasingly frustrated, at Yao’s
employment of a variety of moves based on the fundamental _t’ai chi_ principle
known as _pushing hands_. Her arts had certainly endowed her with great skill
in a variety of attack and defense techniques, but she simply could not get
through Yao’s fluid deflection and absorption of her attacks. In a
civilization like that of the aliens where combat was the centerpiece of the
society’s existence and aggression was the rule, Yao suspected that it would
be very unlikely for martial art forms like _t’ai chi_ to evolve, for it was
fundamentally based on the ideals of self-defense and compassion toward one’s
enemy. And thus his opponent had no effective counter but frustration. And
frustration inevitably leads to mistakes.

She suddenly lashed out with a high roundhouse kick aimed at his head, and Yao
decided he had learned enough. He sank back on his legs, easily avoiding the
kick, and suddenly surged forward while her leg was still following through,
leaving her lower body dangerously exposed and her balance fixed on only one
leg. While _t’ai chi_ had its foundations in quiet strength, certain offensive
variations that Yao had been taught long ago were quite lethal: he landed a
crippling strike with his right closed fist against her lower abdomen, then
followed it up with a brutal attack with his right shoulder, concentrating all
of his internal energy into a thrust against her lower ribs. He grimaced
inwardly at the _crunch_ several ribs made as they shattered, the splintered
ends spearing several of her internal organs as his attack lifted her from the
ground and sent her flying backward. Her part in this battle was finished.

Without further thought of his vanquished foe, Yao quickly moved to help the
others.

* * *

Sato knew he should have been dead a dozen times over. The alien imp who faced
him was toying with him, humiliating him. He hadn’t managed to make a single
blow against her: all he had for his efforts was a dozen flesh wounds and at
least as many gouges along the razor sharp blade of his grandfather’s _katana_
where it had slammed ineffectively against the alien’s sword. He was shaking
with exhaustion and pain, gasping for breath, and wished that the young fiend
would finish him off and be done with it.

He had tried to keep track of Yao Ming and Anna, but if he let his attention
wander at all, he was brought back to reality by yet another bloodletting from
his tormentor.

She darted forward again in what he knew must be a feint, but he didn’t know
enough to counter it effectively. She jabbed her sword at his left leg,
goading him into defending it with his own sword, then she twirled and slashed
at his shoulder.

Ichiro braced himself for the pain, but it never came. As on the _Aurora_ when
the aliens first boarded, Yao was suddenly _there_. In a brief flurry of
powerful blows from his hands, the alien girl fell to the sand, unconscious or
dead.

Collapsing to the ground himself, Ichiro gasped, “Thanks, Ming...I don’t think
I could’ve lasted-”

His words were cut off by a scream from only a few feet away. He looked up in
horror to see Anna Zalenski clutching an expanding red spot on her stomach
where her opponent had stabbed her. Her face growing pale as blood flooded out
of the severed abdominal aorta, the major artery that carried blood to her
lower body, she slowly sank to her knees.

Her opponent raised her sword to take off Anna’s head, but never got the
chance. Yao snatched up the weapon Ichiro’s tormentor had been using and
hurled it like a spear, the blade stabbing clean through the neck of Anna’s
killer.

“ _Anna!_ ” Ichiro screamed as he ran to her side, catching her in his arms as
she collapsed.

“Ichiro...” was all she said as she reached up to caress his face. He held it
tightly, bringing it to his lips to kiss her fingers.

But she was already dead.

* * *

McClaren staggered backward, putting some distance between himself and his
opponent. He had evened up the odds slightly with a few lucky blows to her
head and what he hoped had been an extremely painful punch to the kidneys
(assuming she had kidneys), but he was exhausted. He had gone a full twelve
rounds a couple of times in unofficial fights, and knew just how grueling it
could be. But that was when he had been a young man in prime shape. Even with
whatever the alien healers had done to fix him up, he still wasn’t young
anymore. Even their miraculous powers couldn’t turn back time.

Looking around through his one good eye - his right, since his left had
swollen shut after the warrior had gotten through his defenses and clobbered
him good - he saw that the battle was almost over. He had no idea how long
they’d been fighting; it was probably only a matter of minutes, but it felt
like hours. Everyone who had been off to his left, except Harkness, was down,
and she was barely able to move, limping badly on her left leg as she slowly
made her way toward him. On his right, Yao and Sato were still up and moving,
and he noted with an amused grin from his bloodied lips that Amundsen was
still alive, too. He wondered how the brilliant pessimist was dealing with
that turn of events. But the others, including Midshipman Zalenski and
Lieutenant Marisova, were gone.

They hadn’t gone down without a fight, though. At least half of the aliens
were either dead or crippled, and the only ones still actively fighting were
his own sparring partner and the alien Amundsen was fending off. The other
warriors, after finishing off their victims, had backed away from the action
and taken up position in front of the dais where the huge warrior still stood
watching. McClaren didn’t think they were going to get out of this alive, but
it was nice to see that they were at least playing fair. Sort of.

He glanced at Yao as he fended off another flurry of punches from his personal
alien training assistant, and shook his head slightly. While he hadn’t won
every match he’d fought, he’d never been carried out of the ring, and he
didn’t intend to start now. He knew Yao could make short work of his opponent,
but that wasn’t how McClaren wanted it.

With one last surge of adrenaline, buoyed up by the fact the others were still
alive, he moved in on his lighter opponent. He was done trading blows with
her: they were going to finish it now, one way or another.

The warrior had come to the same conclusion. They crashed together, and
McClaren used his weight advantage to push against her, keeping her slightly
off balance as he sent a series of right uppercuts into her abdomen. She
slammed the heels of her hands into the side of his head, sending him to the
verge of unconsciousness before he put everything he had left into a punch to
the side of her ribcage that actually lifted her from the sand. With a grunt
of agony, the fight suddenly went out of her, and she collapsed to her knees,
clutching her left side.

McClaren staggered for a moment, ready to collapse himself, but he wasn’t
going to let the job go undone. He took a shaky step toward her, grabbed her
hair with his right hand, and smashed the bloody knuckles of his left fist
into her temple as hard as he could. Once. Twice. Three times, until he could
tell that he was just holding her up by the hair. He let go, and her body
flopped limply to the ground.

He managed to turn toward where Amundsen was still fighting and took two
wavering steps before falling unconscious into Yao’s arms.

* * *

No one was more surprised than Amundsen that he was still alive. He could only
assume that the aliens had made a mistake in choosing his challenger, because
from what little he’d been able to see of the other fights around the arena,
the others were fairly evenly matched. He had no other explanation for how he
had lasted this long. He had even managed to deal some damage to his opponent,
landing a completely accidental hit that broke some of her fingers early on,
denying her the use of that hand. He hated to admit it to himself, but he was
even holding out some hope that he might actually beat her.

The alien made another jab at him with her quarterstaff. Only able to use one
hand now, her movements were very awkward, and Amundsen easily fended off her
attack, sweeping her quarterstaff to the side. He hated to get fancy, but he
decided to take a risk and spun around, dropping low as he swung the
quarterstaff like a baseball bat, hoping to hit the warrior’s legs.

To his amazement, he did. She wasn’t able to get her weapon around in time to
stop his attack, and his staff was too high to jump over and too low to drop
under. Amundsen had put all the power he could into the blow, and it hit her
right in mid-thigh, sending her tumbling into the sand with a yelp of pain.

He lunged after her, raining down a series of frenzied blows on her exposed
back and head before she could get back up. He kept hitting her, over and
over, his quarterstaff hammering her body.

Suddenly, Harkness was next to him, her hand on his shoulder. “Lieutenant,”
she said shakily, “you can stop now. You won.”

Amundsen felt like he’d just snapped out of a trance. He blinked at her, then
got a look at the quarterstaff he held. The end of it was covered in blood. He
looked down at the warrior he’d been fighting. He must have hit her dozens of
times. Her head looked like a smashed melon, and her torso was misshapen from
the bones he’d broken.

“Lord of All,” he whispered as he tossed the quarterstaff aside. Falling to
his knees, he vomited into the sand.

Harkness knelt beside him, rubbing his back gently as she might to soothe a
child. “It’s okay,” she murmured. “It’s okay, lieutenant.”

* * *

_The culling is complete_ , Tesh-Dar thought as she surveyed the carnage of
the arena. Of the twenty-three aliens who had begun, only five remained. Of
the warriors who had fought them, eight had died, and another seven had been
badly wounded. The aliens had displayed great spirit in their fighting, and
she knew they would be worthy opponents in the coming war.

But the end of this first battle had come. Tesh-Dar left the dais and strode
toward the remaining humans.

* * *

Yao watched as the huge warrior approached the battered human survivors.
Amundsen, recovered now, and Sato stood on either side, with Harkness on the
ground behind them, the captain’s head propped up on her knees. He had not yet
regained consciousness, and Yao feared he never would.

The alien stopped a few paces away and looked them over for a moment. Then she
held out her left hand. In her palm lay the cyan disc. The ticket home.

“Take it.”

Yao turned to see the captain staring at him with one eye that looked like a
bloody cue ball from the burst capillaries.

“Take it, Yao,” McClaren rasped. He had regained consciousness, but was
clearly fighting to remain awake. “We’ve made our stand. One of us...one of us
has to get back. To tell what happened here.”

“I cannot take it, captain,” Yao told him. “I-”

“Give it to Ichiro,” Harkness suggested, and McClaren nodded weakly.

“Captain, no!” Ichiro begged him. “I’m not going to be the one to leave. I
couldn’t fight, I couldn’t do anything to help anyone. Please don’t send me
home in shame-”

“It is not dishonorable or shameful to live, Ichiro,” Yao told him softly.

McClaren nodded. “Listen, son,” he said, struggling to get out the words,
“you’re young and deserve a chance to really live, if you can get out of here.
You’ve also paid attention to everything you’ve seen: the people back home
need to know what they’re up against.” He paused, drawing in a painful breath.
“If they don’t, all of this, the deaths of your shipmates, will have been for
nothing. And our worlds will burn.”

“Why not Lieutenant Amundsen?” Ichiro countered, turning to look hopefully at
the lieutenant. Ichiro never would have thought that he would do everything he
could to avoid having to go on living. “Why not send him?”

“Because those are the captain’s orders, Midshipman Sato,” Amundsen replied.
Managing a tired grin that looked more like a grimace, he went on, “I wouldn’t
mind living another day. But I joined the service late, Ichiro; I’m nearly as
old as Yao. And you’re at least as observant as I am. I wish I had time to
tell you my thoughts,” he glanced at the warrior, sensing her patience was
coming to an end, “but you’ll come to your own conclusions.”

“I’m not going,” Ichiro said resolutely, standing up and coming to attention.
“I refuse those orders, sir.”

“Yao...”

Ichiro didn’t even feel the blow that knocked him unconscious a moment after
the captain had uttered the petty officer’s name. Yao carefully laid his young
friend down on the sand beside the captain.

“Now get the goddamn disc,” McClaren ordered, “while we still have time.”

Yao saluted, did a smart about-face, and stepped up to the huge alien, who
still held the cyan disc in her outstretched palm. He took it, then knelt next
to Ichiro. Holding it up for the warrior to see, he placed it inside the young
man’s alien-made shirt, carefully sealing it closed.

* * *

Tesh-Dar watched as one of the aliens slide the Sign of the Messenger inside
the upper garment of the youngest among them. She did not understand their
methods, but was in agreement with the one they had chosen. Had she been
forced to choose among them, she would have made the same choice, although
likely for different reasons. The young animal’s spirit burned brightly in her
mind’s eye, his aura brighter than the others. He would do.

As for the others, it was time...

* * *

Ichiro’s eyes fluttered open. Laying on his back, staring straight up into the
sky, he didn’t realize where he was until he noticed the color wasn’t quite
the right tint of blue, but was tinged with magenta.

With an electric surge, he suddenly remembered where he was. He rolled over
onto one side, his neck pounding with pain - had Yao hit him? - only to see
the captain staring at him with one bloodshot eye. He was dead. Harkness lay
on top of him, having tried to protect him with her own body. Her back had
been opened up like she’d been hit with a giant meat cleaver. Her beautiful
face hung slack and pale in death.

Next to them lay Amundsen. He was on his back, as Ichiro had been, his face
turned up to the alien sky above. One might have thought him sleeping, except
for the pillar of gleaming alien metal sprouting from his chest: the great
warrior’s longsword.

“Ichiro...” a voice rasped from his other side.

He turned to find Yao, clutching the shimmering blade of the alien’s other
sword, the one that looked like a _katana_ , that had speared through him,
just below the heart.

“ _Yao!_ ” Ichiro cried as he scrambled over to his friend and mentor. “No!
No, you can’t die...you can’t-”

“Remember what I told you,” Yao whispered, gripping Ichiro’s hand tightly.
“There is no dishonor...in living.” With a final squeeze of his powerful but
gentle hand, Yao Ming was gone.

The big warrior stood a pace or two away, her hands at her sides, intently
watching Ichiro.

“Why?” he screamed at her. “ _Why?_ Goddamn you! _Goddamn you to hell!_ ”
Without thinking, he reached back and picked up his _katana_ , a weapon he’d
never learned how to use, a weapon that had gone unblooded while his friends
and shipmates had died around him. The blade of his grandfather’s sword held
before him, he charged the alien in his last great act of defiance.

* * *

Tesh-Dar did not have to understand his words, for she was beginning to sense
the emotions of the aliens, and to understand them. Her comprehension was far
from perfect, but what this young creature was feeling now, she understood all
too well. This one gift she could give him.

As the alien charged, she made no move to step aside. Instead, as he came
within range she reached out, faster than the eye could see, and guided the
tip of the human’s blade toward a weak spot in her armor, just under the
breastplate and to one side. The sword pierced the underlying leatherite armor
and stabbed through her abdomen. Carried by the young alien’s momentum, the
tip emerged out her back.

She hissed at the pain, but it was not a new sensation for her: she had
endured far worse many times in her long life.

* * *

For a moment, Ichiro simply stood there, frozen in time as he held the handle
of the _katana_. His eyes were wide in shock, fixed on where the blade had
entered the alien warrior’s body. His momentum had run the sword all the way
through her, the warrior’s blood running in a dark crimson stream from the
wound. He looked up to meet her eyes, sure that she must be about to kill him.
But she met his gaze with what he knew must be understanding, and perhaps even
a trace of empathy. He wasn’t sure how he knew that, for he couldn’t read her
facial expressions. But he knew that’s what she felt. He had absolutely no
doubt.

She brushed his hands away from the sword’s handle, and then in a single
smooth motion pulled it free of her body. It was slick with her blood, and he
could see blood running down the armor on her legs from the wound. But if she
felt any pain, she certainly wasn’t showing it. With a practiced twist of her
wrist, she flicked off most of the blood from the blade onto the sand. One of
the other warriors stepped forward with the scabbard, and the big warrior slid
the sword’s blade home. Then she held it out to Ichiro.

He reached out and took it with shaking hands, still unable to believe that
she was going to let him live. Blinking away the tears that came to his eyes,
tears of shame that he had lived while the others had died, tears of joy that
he might be able to go on living, he looked up at her once more.

But there was nothing for him to see but the contemplative faces of the
thousands of aliens still crowding the arena. The huge warrior had simply
vanished.


* Chapter Eight
Chapter Eight{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER EIGHT**

  

Kneeling in the sand, flanked by a pair of alien warriors, Ichiro watched
silently as the funeral pyres consumed the remains of his friends and
shipmates. After the huge warrior had mysteriously disappeared, a procession
of warriors had poured through the portals into the arena bearing kindling
wood. Where it had come from, Ichiro couldn’t guess, even had he been of a
mind to try. They built a pyre for each of the victims of the bloody fight,
alien and human alike, using practiced ritual motions that made it appear as
if he were watching a well-rehearsed play. Part of his dead heart warmed as he
saw a group of healers enter, and carefully, reverently, even, prepare his
dead shipmates for their final voyage. Wrapping each of them in a pure white
shroud that didn’t allow any of the blood to show through, they carried the
bodies to their individual pyres and placed them carefully on top, all at
once.

In what Ichiro thought was an odd thing for the aliens to do, they removed the
dog tags from his dead shipmates. After washing the tags in a clay bowl,
carefully cleaning off any blood and then drying them, one of the warriors
stepped up to him and bowed, then handed the plastic tags to him. All twenty-
two sets. He noticed absently that the same ritual was being performed using
the collars from the dead warriors.

His gut churning in a mix of anger, shame, fear, and uncertainty, Ichiro
forced himself to read every one of the tags, burning the names into his
memory. The alien garment he wore had no pockets, so he simply slid them
inside his shirt with the cyan disk, trusting that the elastic material would
hold it all in place.

When all the bodies were prepared, one of the warriors barked an order, and
the assembled thousands stood up as one. After a moment, Ichiro did, too: he
came to attention and saluted. Flames suddenly sparked to life under all of
the pyres, and the wood, if that’s really what it was, began to burn bright
and hot. Watching the smoke from the flames rise high into the sky above, it
was hard for him to believe he was on a starship.

In only a few minutes of fierce burning, the fires generating so much heat
that Ichiro felt like he was in an oven himself, the pyres collapsed into
flickering coals. The bodies that had been upon them were nothing more than
ash and smoke. Ichiro, his right arm trembling from holding it up the entire
time, dropped his salute.

As the aliens in the seats began to file out, his two guards, one of whom was
the same warrior who had handed him his sword before the fight, gestured for
him to head toward the portal through which he’d entered a lifetime ago. It
was time to leave.

With one last look at the charred remains of the _Aurora’s_ captain and crew,
he turned and followed them out of the arena.

* * *

The two warriors led him down a different set of passageways than before,
although they were as big. The main difference now was that they were filled
with aliens bustling to and fro. Their reactions to seeing him were universal:
a slight bow of the head, as if he were someone of at least modest importance.

Despite the leaden weight of the survivor’s guilt that had settled onto his
shoulders and the crushing physical and emotional exhaustion he felt, Ichiro
automatically absorbed everything he saw, everything he smelled, everything he
heard and could touch. He wanted to catalog every sensation so that he could
recall it when he returned home, if that truly came to pass, and help humanity
mount a defense against these monsters. Any and every detail might be vital.

But most importantly, focusing on what was around him took his mind away from
his battered soul. He was only nineteen, but he had aged decades in the few
hours since they’d first seen the enemy ships. Only a few hours. It had been
an eternity.

His escorts made no detours this time, showed him no rooms pulsing with
mysterious technology. They took him straight back to the semi-organic airlock
through which he and the others had originally been brought into the ship.

The huge warrior was waiting for him. He glanced at her side, expecting to
still see the wound made by his sword and traces of the blood she had lost,
but there was nothing: the leather-like armor was like new, and so was the
gleaming metal armor. It was as if his stabbing her had never happened.

Feeling no fear, for that had been burned out of him, he approached the
towering warrior who stared at him with her silver-flecked eyes.

* * *

Tesh-Dar watched as the youngling was brought before her. He had proven to be
a hardy creature, for which she was thankful: the task of the Messenger was a
difficult one, and while she knew little yet of his species, she suspected his
worst trials were yet to come.

In her right hand she held out a sphere that was roughly the same size as the
young animal’s head. It was the physical image of one of the worlds of his
race, captured and held in an energy capsule. She held it forth for him to
see, and it was evident he immediately understood what it represented. The
image was of a planet that she had chosen for the first large-scale battle
between their civilizations. After her warriors and the builders had studied
the records of the primitive alien computing machines, they identified all the
worlds the animals had colonized. After a great deal of consideration, they
had presented Tesh-Dar with several choices, and she had picked this one. It
was not so important that its loss would shatter their will, nor was it so
small that it would pose no challenge. It was heavily industrialized, yet not
located too near their primary core systems. It had a large population, but
not so large that its loss would strike a crippling blow to their ability to
repopulate.

“What do they call themselves in their own tongue?” Tesh-Dar had earlier asked
those who now worked to understand the language of the aliens.

“They have many tongues, my priestess,” one of the builders, a senior
mistress, had replied, “although one is dominant. In that tongue, the animals
refer to themselves as _human_.”

“And this world,” Tesh-Dar asked, staring at the image of the planet that she
had chosen, “what is its name?”

“They call it _Keran_ , priestess.”

Now, standing before this young human, Tesh-Dar saw that he recognized the
planet, for his lips made the sound of the word the builder had spoken to her.

* * *

“Keran?” Ichiro said out loud as he looked at the incredibly lifelike globe
the warrior held in her huge hand. It was as if the planet had been shrunken
down to the size of a bowling ball. He recognized it, because that was Yao’s
home planet, and the older man had spent many hours regaling Ichiro and Anna
with exceedingly unlikely tales of his youth, usually to explain the origins
of one of his poetic expletives. Ichiro felt his eyes burn again, but willed
the tears away. “Is that where I’m to be sent?” He didn’t expect the alien to
understand him, but he had to ask the question.

She seemed to understand, or perhaps just guessed. She reached forward and put
the palm of her free hand on his chest, right where the cyan disk was, then
gestured out the circular hatch toward where the _Aurora_ waited for him. Then
an image of the Earth, as lifelike as the globe of Keran she held in one hand,
appeared over one of her shoulders, and she pointed to that.

Then she held up the globe and drew her palm across the face of it, as if her
hand was the curtain of a play, and he watched in horror as the bright blue
and comforting browns of the seas and land were suddenly stricken with what
could only be the smoke and ruin of burning cities, with ships overhead,
blasting at the surface and at one another.

She was telling him what planet they were going to invade first. “No,” he
murmured, shaking his head. “No. You can’t...”

Taking her hand away, the replica of Keran returned to the way it had been
before, the land, seas, and sky at peace.

With trembling fingers, he reached out to put his hand on the sphere, but he
couldn’t feel anything. It wasn’t solid; it was simply as if his hand was
being repelled. He’d never felt anything like it. But the flames of war didn’t
ignite under his touch as it had hers.

“When?” he asked her. “How long do we have?”

She only looked at him, her eyes narrowed. After a moment of consideration,
she moved her hand over the globe in a different fashion, her hand flat as if
she were pressing down on something. Starting at the north pole of the globe,
her hand held just beside it, she slowly moved her hand toward the equator,
then the south pole. As her hand moved, the planet’s image took on the ravages
of war.

Suddenly, he understood. _The globe is a countdown timer_. The alien couldn’t,
or wouldn’t, tell him how long they had in any measure of time he would
understand. But he knew now that when the globe she held had fully transformed
into a world at war, the aliens would come. The invasion would begin.

* * *

Tesh-Dar could tell from his emotional reaction that the alien, the _human_ ,
understood the meaning of the sphere. Their people would be given some time to
prepare, although if the legends of past encounters in the Books of Time were
to be believed, they likely would not use it wisely. The Messenger was never
believed at first. In the meantime, the preparations now beginning in the
Empire for waging war against this new race would be at their peak. The human
could not know it, but the sphere was attuned to the will of the Empress, and
was not a mere mechanical timer in a sophisticated case.

She handed it to him, and he took it with obvious care, no doubt concerned
that it might break. She smiled inwardly, knowing that little could disturb
the device short of a release of energy on a scale that would sear half a
planet.

For the last time, she looked in the young human’s eyes. “Far must you travel,
young one,” she said to him, “and much have you to do. Go now...” she paused,
nodding to him, “...in Her name.”

* * *

Ichiro took the globe of Keran from the warrior’s hand as if he were a timid
god holding the planet itself. He looked at the globe, amazed at the clouds
that slowly swirled across the surface, their shadows passing across the land
and seas.

Looking up at her once more, she spoke to him in her language for a moment,
then paused. Nodding to him, she then said “... _uhr Kreela’an._ ”

He had no idea what any of it meant, but he knew he had heard that particular
phrase several times before in the arena. Was it important? He had no way of
knowing.

The two warriors who had come this far with him gently took his arms and
launched themselves into the invisible energy bridge between the two ships.
Looking at the _Aurora_ , Ichiro saw with some amazement that the holes the
enemy boarders had made were gone. The one in the side of the hull that was
their destination was still there, but the rest of the ship somehow looked
newer. He thought it was only an illusion, but then it struck him: just like
some of his comrades whose physical ailments had been cured by the healing
goo, the aliens had done something to the _Aurora_. The pitting left by small
particle impacts that had dulled the gloss of her hull over time was gone. It
was as if she had just been launched from the yards.

His two escorts expertly landed him in the hatchway burned into the ship’s
flank, but he hung back, unwilling to step farther into the ship. What lay
before him was suddenly striking home: a months-long voyage alone in a death
ship. He began to shiver, remembering the blood and gore strewn about the
galley where they had been herded together after the boarding. And Lieutenant
Amundsen’s gruesome description of what had happened to the rest of the crew.
He didn’t want to be trapped in here with _Aurora’s_ rotting bodies, with her
ghosts.

The aliens weren’t concerned with his fears. Taking him gently, but firmly, by
the arms, they led him down the passageways that led to the bridge.

Soon, he began to relax. The interior of the ship was just like the outside:
pristine. The lights were on as they normally would be, and the strange blue
glow of the walls after the aliens had killed the ship’s power was gone. There
was no sign of struggle, no traces left of the homicidal mayhem that had taken
place only a few hours before. No smell of blood and death. Except for what he
remembered, the ship was like new.

They led him to the bridge, where one of the aliens in the dark blue robes,
one of the ones who had recreated the ship’s computer systems, stood waiting.
She gestured at him, and then the primary command console, then made pushing
motions with her hands toward him, as if warding him off.

“Don’t touch, I assume,” he said aloud. The alien made no reply, but simply
repeated her gestures. Then she bowed her head to him, and the warriors turned
him about and led him off the bridge.

They walked him through the whole ship, although he wasn’t really sure why.
Possibly to see that they cleaned up all the mess. Not only was everything
clean, but even a few minor imperfections, like some dents that had been made
in one of the bulkheads from an accident two years before with some heavy
repair equipment, were gone. He wondered how deep this “fixing” went, and if
some of the ship’s systems hadn’t been improved.

Finally, the warriors led him back to the hole cut in the hull. The alien in
blue robes hovered in open space outside the hull as if she were pinned in
place. Turning to him, the two warriors bowed their heads, and then stepped
outside the hull, taking up position next to the blue-robed woman. He wasn’t
sure how they managed that, because their momentum should have kept them
moving once out of the hull’s gravity distortion field. But apparently the
basic laws of physics didn’t apply to these people. Humanity’s enemy.

The alien in the blue robes closed her eyes and raised her hands, palms out,
toward the edges of the hole. Ichiro watched in wonder as what looked like
dust motes from the hull of the alien vessel suddenly began to flake off and
float toward the _Aurora_. Soon it was like a blizzard of tiny particles
heading toward the robed alien, and they swirled around her before coming to
rest on the edges of the hole.

He suddenly realized that he was seeing a form of the black matrix material
they had used to recreate the ship’s computers, and this woman was taking mass
from the hull of the gigantic warship and converting it for use to patch this
hole in the _Aurora_. But it wasn’t just a patch: she was actually recreating
the missing section of the hull, all the way through. The outer metal alloy,
the insulation layers, the cabling and conduits: all of the bits and pieces of
technology that was buried in this segment of _Aurora’s_ hide was being
remade.

In only a few minutes it was done. He stood gaping at a solid bulkhead and the
lettering on a small hatch that read, _Pressure Valve 87_. There was
absolutely no trace of there ever having been a hull breach here. No seams. No
marks. Nothing.

He was suddenly startled by a familiar voice.

“Interlock engaged,” _Aurora’s_ navigation computer suddenly announced.
“Transpace countdown commencing. Primary energy buffer building. Two minutes
remaining.”

Still clutching the tiny effigy of Keran, Ichiro ran for the bridge. He made
it in plenty of time. “Bridge display, full,” he ordered the computer. The
wraparound display sprang to life, showing the alien ships now moving off to
give the _Aurora_ a wider berth.

“Primary energy buffer threshold achieved,” the navigation computer told him.
In a way it reminded him of Chief Harkness’s voice, from the times when she
had sat down with Anna and himself to teach them the finer points of being
leaders. “Transpace sequence in ten...nine...”

He clutched the globe of Keran tighter as the sequence wound down.

“...three...two...one. Transpace sequence initiated.” Pause. “Jump.”

On the bridge display, the alien ships and the bright stars that were the
planets that originally drew his captain here suddenly swirled into
nonexistence as _Aurora_ disappeared into hyperspace, headed for home.


* Chapter Nine
Chapter Nine{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER NINE**

  

Terran Navy Commander Pavel Leonidovich Sidorov had a splitting headache. The
shift commander for coordinating customs inspections for starships inbound to
Earth, he was responsible for orchestrating the actions of over three dozen
cutters that shuttled dozens of inspection parties from one merchantman to
another, looking for contraband. Even with that many inspection parties, it
was a daunting task: Earth had more ships to handle than any two other
planets, with hundreds of ships arriving and departing every day. Customs
control had several gateways at different orbital nodes spread around the
equator, but all the inspection operations were run from this one command
center, located at the primary Earth-orbit transfer node located over Africa.
Attached to the “bottom” of Africa Station’s massive docking and embarkation
facility, Sidorov and his crewmen were located in an expansive enclosure of
clearsteel that gave them an unrestricted view of the space around them: Earth
below, and dozens of starships spread out in orderly rows pointing toward the
station.

While this type of duty was normally performed planetside by civilian customs
officers or the wet-fleet Coast Guard, outside the atmosphere it was a Terran
Navy show. Funded by the Terran Government, which was loosely based on the
ancient United Nations but with funding and executive authorities that never
would have been conceived for the UN, the Terran Navy had exclusive purview
for security matters beyond the atmosphere. Ironically, that had come to
include customs inspections after a few nasty incidents of incoming
“merchantmen” turning out to be armed raiders. So rather than form a new
bureaucracy, the Terran Government simply expanded on the existing one. As a
general rule, it had turned out to be a good compromise: the customs
inspections were run with Navy efficiency, and there was only one major tax
burden to be maintained for exo-atmospheric defense.

But Sidorov wouldn’t have minded shoving the job onto someone else on
occasion, like right now. “Negative,” he grated, his Russian accent barely
creeping into his otherwise excellent Standard as he spoke into his microphone
to the captain of the bulk cargo transport _Manzanar_ , “you are not cleared
to maneuver beyond customs until you have been cleared by one of the
inspection teams. This has already been explained to you, captain.” _About
fifty times already_ , Sidorov added to himself.

“This is outrageous!” the captain of the other vessel sputtered. “We have been
waiting here for two days, and have precious cargo that must be delivered
immediately! You have no idea what an inconvenience this is for us,
commander.”

Sidorov put his face in his hands and shook his head, eliciting grins from the
other members of the inspection control crew and the civilian harbor masters
who directed the ships in and out of Earth space. The _Manzanar’s_ captain had
been ranting at customs control every two hours on the dot since the ship had
arrived two days before, with the man cursing the Navy and customs through
both shifts. _The man must never sleep_ , Sidorov lamented. And according to
the ship’s manifest, the cargo that had to be delivered “immediately” was a
load of old-growth lumber that had been harvested on Kelsey’s World and had
been in transit for a month. Chances are it could wait a few more hours. With
a sigh, Sidorov said, “Captain, as you have been told repeatedly, you _will_
stay in queue, you _will_ -”

“ _Holy shit!_ ” one of the senior harbor masters shouted as he and several
others suddenly stumbled back away from the massive viewports around the
cylindrical command hub.

Outside, not more than one hundred meters away from where Sidorov stood gaping
in shock, a ship had emerged from hyperspace almost directly below Africa
Station. Such a navigational feat was unheard of, and coming out of hyperspace
this close to a planetary gravity well was not only suicidal, it should have
been mathematically impossible.

After the slightest pause where everyone was in utter shock, total pandemonium
broke out. The comm panels were suddenly flooded with frightened or angry
calls from the ships in queue, a hundred, and quickly far more, calls from
passengers in the station who’d seen the ship appear, and the station
commander, who had a dedicated channel.

“ _Chyort vozmi!_ ” Sidorov cursed in his native Russian. “Get cutters 12 and
17 over to that ship, and I want her captain on the comm _right now!_ ”

“Aye, sir!” one of the controllers replied, still in shock.

“Sidorov,” the station commander, Captain Rhonda Burke, demanded from his
primary video console, “what the hell is going on?”

“You know exactly as much as I do, captain,” Sidorov told her. “I’ve got two
cutters on the way and am trying to raise her captain. I’ll let you know as
soon as I have something.”

“Understood. Out.” With a brusque nod, Burke signed off so he could get to
work.

“Harbor masters,” he shouted above the din, “make sure those merchant ships
understand that if they break out of line they’ll be fined until doomsday and
if we catch them I’ll throw their captains into the brig!”

“Commander,” another controller called, “her telemetry’s active. It’s the
_Aurora_ , sir.”

Sidorov didn’t need the telemetry to tell him what ship it was. He could see
the house-sized letters of her name from where he stood: _TNS Aurora_. “That’s
Captain McClaren’s ship, isn’t it?” he asked. The controller who was
monitoring the ship’s signals nodded. “What the devil is she-”

A face suddenly appeared on the central video monitor. It belonged to a young
man, but his eyes had the distant look Sidorov had once seen on the faces of
the old veterans of the war twenty years before on the Russian colony of Saint
Petersburg. Those eyes, set in a gaunt face that wore a haunted expression,
gave him a bone-deep chill. His hair was far too long for a man serving in the
Navy; while it was clean and brushed out, it looked like it had been growing
wild for months.

“Africa Station,” the young man said, “this is...I am Midshipman Ichiro Sato
of the _TNS Aurora_...commanding. I...”

“What do you mean, ‘commanding,’ Midshipman Sato?” Sidorov demanded. “Where is
Captain McClaren?”

“Captain McClaren is dead. As is the entire crew. All but me. Sir.” He
struggled a moment for control of his emotions.

“Midshipman, if this is some sort of joke, you’ll wish you were never-”

“Sir,” Sato interrupted, his voice choked with emotion, “I wish to report that
_Aurora_ made first contact with a sentient race...” He paused again, his face
assuming a cold mask of hatred before continuing, “and that human space is
about to be invaded.”

There was total and utter silence on the control deck as everyone suddenly
tuned in to what Sato was saying. Not just there in customs control, but
throughout the station and among the waiting merchantmen, for Sato was
communicating on an open channel.

For a second time in as many minutes, pandemonium erupted.

* * *

Stephanie Guillaume was standing in line with all the other human geese who
were waiting for the next orbital transfer shuttle to take them down to the
surface when the call came through on her vidphone.

“Stephanie!” her editor and boss at TransCom News, Simon Whyte, shouted at her
from the tiny high definition screen. She always went by Steph. He never
called her Stephanie unless she was about to get a bonus or a major ass-
chewing. “Where are you?”

“What do you mean?” she asked sarcastically. “I’m still stuck on Africa
Station because the Transit Authority boneheads can’t make the shuttles run on
time.”

“Thank God,” Simon breathed, practically in tears.

“Simon,” she said, suddenly concerned, “what the hell’s going on?” She had
never particularly liked the man, but he’d given her a chance when she’d been
stiffed by most of the other news organizations she’d tried for. An
attractive, if not quite beautiful, brunette with inquisitive brown eyes and a
personality to match, she knew she was good enough, both in terms of looks and
brains, for a spot on one of the major news-zines. The only real challenge was
getting the break she needed to get into the big leagues. Simon was a pushy
jackass, but she knew she could do a lot worse. At least he had never tried to
push her toward his bed or pulled any other crap on her. As jackasses went, he
really wasn’t so bad. _Maybe one of his fifty thousand relatives has died or
something_ , she thought, trying to come up with a reasonable facsimile of
sympathy. It was hard.

“Listen,” he went on in a rush, completely ignoring her, “something’s
happened. Something big. _Right there on the station_. We got a tip - shit, a
pile of tips now - that a mystery ship suddenly appeared and there’s talk of
an alien invasion.”

“ _What?_ ” Steph exclaimed. “Oh, come on! How many times have we been sent on
wild goose-”

“It’s the _Aurora_ ,” he said, cutting her off. “The research guys say it’s
one of the newest survey ships that went out almost a year ago. Go find her.
Find out what happened.”

Fuming, Steph grabbed her bags and stepped out of line, tossing them angrily
against a nearby wall. That’s when she noticed that a lot of people were on
their vidphones. More people than usual. Listening closely, she made out
phrases that sounded an awful lot like what Simon had told her: “ghost ship”
and “alien attack” among them. She saw a growing number of perplexed, amused,
and even frightened expressions.

“Listen, Simon-”

“Just do it, dammit! This could be the biggest story since Christ got nailed
to the cross-”

Her vidphone suddenly went blank. Then her vid screen filled with an
unfamiliar message: “Network connectivity lost.”

Around her, everyone else who was using their phones must have experienced the
same “connectivity problem,” because she heard a lot of cursing and people
just staring into their blank vidphones.

“Network problem, my ass,” she muttered. Their connection had been cut off
intentionally.

“Information,” she demanded of the console embedded in the wall. It still was
working. “What can you tell me about an inbound ship called _Aurora?_ ”

“I’m sorry,” the disgustingly deferential female voice replied, “that
information is restricted.”

Steph felt her pulse quicken with excitement. _There might really be something
to this!_ “Okay, who do I need to talk to for information on inbound ships?”

That information apparently _wasn’t_ restricted. After she got what she
needed, she bolted down the corridor toward the central elevators as fast as
her high heels could carry her. She left her bags behind, completely
forgotten.

* * *

“Cutters 12 and 17 are in position, sir,” one of the harbor masters reported
through the din of frantic pleas and threats being made by the other
controllers to keep the merchantmen from scattering in the wake of _Aurora’s_
spectacular arrival and Sato’s equally spectacular claims of invading aliens.
The two small vessels, looking like remoras alongside the much larger survey
ship, had approached the main port and starboard gangway airlocks.

“Commander...”

Sidorov shifted his attention from updating the station commander back to the
face of the midshipman who appeared to be _Aurora’s_ only survivor.

“Sir,” Sato told him, “I strongly recommend that you consider first contact
safety protocols before boarding. I don’t believe the aliens left any
contamination. That wouldn’t fit with what I saw of how they do things,
but...”

“Don’t worry, Sato,” Sidorov told him, “the boarding parties will be wearing
full vacuum gear.” _And weapons_ , he added silently. He didn’t know whether
to believe the young man or not. He had said little before Sidorov had gotten
him switched over to a secure circuit, but first contact? Alien invasion? He
sounded delusional, and Sidorov half expected the boarding parties to find
some sort of massacre that would wind up being made into a holo vid show for
lunatic teens.

On the other hand, Sidorov couldn’t take any chances. If the midshipman’s wild
story did seem to check out, things were going to get dicey very quickly. The
station commander had already put through a call to the customs fleet
commander, who wanted verification before he woke up the Chief of Naval Staff
half a world away. Everyone was thus far taking the story with a big grain of
salt, but one thing was indisputable: _Aurora’s_ reappearance simply should
not have happened the way it did, and they wanted an explanation. Fast. “I
hate to say it, but you’ll probably be in quarantine for a while if this story
of yours checks out.”

“Understood, sir,” the young man replied. “Sir, I have opened the outer
gangway hatches and the inner hatches are unlocked. The cutters may send in
their boarding parties.”

Sidorov noticed the change in Sato’s speech as he said _boarding parties_ ,
almost as if he were gritting his teeth.

“Thank you, midshipman,” Sidorov told him. He glanced at the tactical
controller who sat before a wide-screen console, who nodded in return: he had
contact with the boarding parties, and both teams reported they were aboard
and moving quickly to secure the bridge and engineering.

After a few minutes the team leader from Cutter 12 reported in. “Sir, so far
as we’ve seen, there’s nobody here. Not a soul. No sign of a struggle, no
bodies, no nothing. Just a spanking new-looking ship.” His video feed
confirmed it. Empty passageways. Empty cabins. Empty work spaces. Nothing.

“Same here, commander,” the leader of Cutter 17’s team reported as he reached
engineering. “There’s nobody home but the kid on the bridge.”

Sidorov could hear the stress in their voices. There were always people aboard
a ship in orbit. The passageways might not be teeming with people, but a Navy
ship returning from a long cruise would have half her crew at the airlocks,
chomping at the bit to get off to shore leave. And there was _always_ someone
on the engineering watch, even if a ship was in space dock. Always. But this
ship had just completed a hyperlight journey of who knew how long with no one
but a midshipman aboard. It gave Sidorov the creeps.

“We’re at the bridge, sir,” the leader from Cutter 12 said quietly. There was
Sato in the man’s video display, standing rigidly at attention. Sato saluted
the ensign who stood before him. “Midshipman,” the ensign told him as he
saluted, “you stand relieved.”

“Aye, aye, sir,” Sato replied hoarsely, tears suddenly welling from his eyes.
“I stand relieved. The _Aurora_ is yours.”

With that, Sato collapsed to his knees and wept.

* * *

Steph stood at the back of the command deck near the access portal from the
central elevator shafts, staring in disbelief at the drama playing out on the
video monitors around her. Dressed in a tight red dress that didn’t leave all
that much to the imagination - she was damned if she’d look like a frump while
traveling first class on the company’s dime - she stood out like a collision
beacon among the starched khaki uniforms of the Navy crewmen. But that dress
and her press ID had gotten her past some tough gatekeepers before, and
certainly hadn’t failed her this time: the Navy security people she had to get
past to get in here had both been men, and had been easily manipulated into
believing that she’d been summoned there by the commanding officer, but she
was to keep a low profile until he had a free moment to speak with her. She
figured it wasn’t _too_ far from the truth. The dress and her curves
distracted them, while the ID and a sharp tongue gave her credibility. She
looked harmless enough, so they let her through.

She watched as the young man on the main screen, the sole survivor of the
ship’s crew, broke down in tears after the space-suited figure of a member of
one of the boarding teams officially assumed control of _Aurora_. For a while
she simply stood against the back wall of the command center, about a dozen
paces behind where the person in charge, Commander Sidorov, one of the guards
had said, stood watching the main monitor. She could see and hear everything,
and so could the mini vid-cam array that was clipped to her ear, the video
array and microphone on a wire-thin boom that extended forward next to her
cheek. With the network shut down she couldn’t get her data off the station,
but an idea was churning in her brain to not only get around the little
problem of censorship, but to make it work to her advantage. She added audio
notes quietly, whispering so as not to draw attention to herself too soon.

* * *

A part of Sato was ashamed for breaking down and crying like a child in front
of everyone who might be watching him, but the greater part of him pushed it
away. It was an emotional release from the burden he had borne alone for the
last few months. He hated to admit it to himself, but it was the first time
since the slaughter of the ship’s crew that he had felt a positive emotion of
any kind. In this case, it was simply relief. Relief that he was back among
his own kind. Relief that he was no longer alone on a ghost ship with the
nightmares that plagued his sleep each and every time he laid down.

The voyage back had been entirely uneventful and mind-numbingly boring. As he
had suspected, the aliens had made more than simply cosmetic changes to the
ship: they had modified some of her systems to allow her to function entirely
on her own. The things the crew normally had to do to keep her systems in good
working order were no longer required, at least for the months it had taken to
get back to Earth. _Aurora_ had sailed for six months from her last port of
call on the Rim to reach the alien system, but had taken about four months to
return to Earth. It should have been impossible for the ship to go that far in
only four months, even taking a direct transit. So the aliens must also have
altered the ship’s engines in some way, making her faster in hyperspace than
should have been possible. He had tried to learn about the course settings and
what the ship was doing, but while the blue-robed alien had warned him away
from the command console, the warning appeared to have been unnecessary: he
could get no navigation information from the ship’s computer at all, no matter
what he tried. He couldn’t retrieve any information that could even
corroborate his story of where the _Aurora_ had been since she left the Rim:
all evidence of the aliens had apparently been stripped from the ship’s
records. And the aliens had locked him out of everything that had to do with
the ship’s drives, navigation, sensors, everything. About the only thing he
had free access to were the educational and entertainment sections.

And their sense of navigation...Sato had cried out in surprise when the ship
had emerged from hyperspace, literally right next to Africa Station. It was
impossible for at least half a dozen reasons. Not just the accuracy - how
could they have known that _Aurora_ wouldn’t intersect another ship when she
emerged? - but because of how close they were to the Earth’s gravity well. The
formulas were complex and handled directly by the navigation computer, and of
course varied depending on the gravity index of a planetary or stellar body,
but the nearest safe jump radius for Earth was well beyond the orbit of the
moon. But the aliens had somehow brought the ship right _here_ , matching the
orbit with a moving object from an unimaginable distance. It wasn’t just a
coincidence. It wasn’t luck. They had done it intentionally.

At the start of the lonely months aboard the ship, after he realized that he
had been locked out of everything he wanted so desperately to know, he became
listless, falling into a dark depression. Had there been liquor aboard, he had
no doubt he would have spent most of the trip in a drunken stupor, even though
he didn’t normally drink alcohol.

What shocked him out of it was his obsession with watching the replica of
Keran. Three months after leaving the alien system, he noticed that the
northern pole had turned from its previous pristine white to a dirty gray as
it had when the big warrior had shown him how the globe would change as the
time for war drew closer. That’s when it struck him that he had only four
pieces of evidence to prove what had happened: the alien clothes he’d worn
back aboard; the changes the aliens had made to the ship; the cyan-colored
disk that had been his “ticket home”; and the replica of Keran. There appeared
to be nothing in the ship’s computer memory, and certainly no trace that
aliens had been aboard the ship.

That meant that everything else, _everything_ , was in his head. Everything to
show how his shipmates had died. And that was when he finally got a grip on
himself again and started acting like the young Navy officer he wanted to
become. He started to log all his impressions, everything he could remember,
down to the tiniest detail. Then he broke it down into sections, organizing
the information into logical categories and cross-checking it for accuracy and
consistency. He drew diagrams of what he could remember of the alien ships,
outside and inside; of what the warriors and the robed aliens looked like, and
how many different kinds of robed aliens there were. Sights, smells, sounds,
the taste of the food they’d been given, the texture of things he had touched.
Everything. In the end, it was not only a vital exercise in giving humanity
some intelligence information on the foe they would soon face, but helped him
deal with the crushing survivor’s guilt he felt, and the penetrating sense of
loneliness and isolation.

But that horrible voyage was finally over. His tears expended now, he stood up
and faced the ensign who led the forward boarding party. “My apologies, sir,”
he said, gathering himself again to the position of attention. “It has been
a...difficult trip home.”

* * *

Steph watched as several Navy officers suddenly burst into the room, led by a
stern-faced female officer who was all business. Steph frowned to herself,
because women like this one were almost impossible to manipulate. She
sometimes felt guilty about pulling strings on people, but it wasn’t a
question of morality, it was a question of getting the job done. It was a part
of her job that she wished she didn’t have to do, but that’s not the way life
was. Not hers, at least.

She directed the microphone pickup toward the woman and waited to see what
would happen next.

* * *

“I’m not sure how to handle this, captain,” Sidorov told Captain Rhonda Burke
quietly as the boarding teams quickly finished scouting through the rest of
the ship. He had muted the audio channel with _Aurora_ so they could speak in
relative privacy in the hubbub of the harbor masters working around them.

“I don’t see the problem,” Burke replied sharply. “You’ve implemented the
first contact quarantine protocols, and fleet is up to speed on the situation
for now.”

Sidorov didn’t take offense, because he knew that she wasn’t impugning his
judgement, just making a direct observation. She was direct about everything.
But sometimes she didn’t see problems that came at her from an oblique angle.
“I’m not worried about that part, ma’am,” he told her. “I’m worried about
containment of any sensitive information. I don’t want to speculate, but if
news of some sort of ‘alien invasion’ gets out, there could be some ugly
repercussions.”

“I’m sure there’s a perfectly logical explanation to what’s happened that
doesn’t involve aliens,” Burke said, shaking her head and rolling her eyes.
“We’ve had stranger things than this happen over the years. There’s not going
to be any alien invasion. That’s ridiculous.”

“Excuse me, but how can you possibly assume that?”

Burke and Sidorov turned to see a civilian woman in an eye-popping red dress
stalk forward as if she wore the stars of an admiral.

“And who the bloody hell are you?” Burke demanded hotly. “Security! Get this
civilian out of here!”

“Captain,” Steph said quickly, recognizing the woman’s rank and knowing she
only had seconds before she would be bodily thrown out of the command center,
“I’m a journalist,” she quickly flashed her press ID, “and I can tell you that
the secret’s already out of your hands. The best you can do is control it and
spin it the way you want. And I can help you do that.”

“Bullshit!” Burke spat, motioning to the same two guards who had let the
mystery woman into the command center. The captain’s expression left no doubt
that they would get the ass-chewing of their lives later.

“I was up in one of the transit lounges when _Aurora_ came in,” Steph rushed
her words out as the two men gently but firmly took her by the arms and
started hauling her out, “and there were dozens of people on their vidphones a
minute later talking about it, with their noses pressed up to the observation
windows, _looking at the fucking ship and talking about an alien invasion!_ ”

Burke glanced at Sidorov and saw the indecision on his face. Again, if she was
anything, she was direct. “Commander?”

“Ma’am, she may have a point,” he said as the guards continued to haul the
woman out. “If she’s a legit journalist...”

“Hold it!” Burke suddenly ordered the guards. “Take her in there.” Burke
pointed toward a small briefing room at the rear of the command center. “We’ll
join you in a moment.”

* * *

Steph’s heart was hammering, not with fear but with excitement. She didn’t
have a “yes” from the captain, but she had at least put off being tossed out
on her ass.

The guards led her into the conference room and left her there for a few
minutes before the captain, Burke was her name, according to the name placard
embedded in her khaki uniform, and Commander Sidorov came in. The guards
closed the door and waited outside.

“You’ve got precisely one minute to convince me why I shouldn’t put you under
arrest,” Burke ordered brusquely.

_A minute_ , Steph thought. _Please_. “Captain, _Aurora’s_ arrival is news
already. Look at any of the info channels and I’m sure you’ll see it. And
somebody heard something to make them worry about an alien invasion. I don’t
know where that angle came from, but that’s why my bloody editor called me:
because he’d gotten wind of it from someone else!” She leaned closer. “And
even if the invasion bit isn’t true, people are thinking and talking about it.
The cat was already out of the bag before you took the station data networks
down.”

That elicited a stage-perfect “I-told-you-so” look from Sidorov to the
captain.

Her frown deepened. “Thirty seconds.”

_Thirty seconds, my ass_ , Steph thought. _You know I’m right_. “Listen. I’m a
legitimate journalist,” she flashed her ID again, holding it right under the
captain’s nose, “not some idiotic independent blogger. I can help you spin
this the way you want, tell the story the way you want it told. Otherwise,”
she nodded her head back toward the station core where thousands of people
were still gawking at the _Aurora_ and murmuring angrily about their lost
network connectivity, “those idiots out there are going to fuck it up royally
for you. I’ll bet there are a hundred journalists and five thousand bloggers
who just bought tickets to come up and visit Africa Station to see for
themselves.”

“Give me a break, lady,” Burke growled, not impressed. “No news hound is going
to give us a free ride. What’s in it for you?”

“All I want,” Steph said in a rare moment of total and absolute truth, “is
exclusive access. I’ll agree to any conditions you want, as long as they’re
legal, but I get access to the ship, your personnel, the survivor,” her mind
conjured up the image of the haunted-looking young man, wondering at the tale
he had to tell, “and whatever else I may need to tell the story that wouldn’t
normally be classified. Your way. In exchange, you keep all the other newsies
out.”

“And why shouldn’t we just hold the usual press conferences and not tell any
of you anything?” Burke countered.

“Because you won’t have control of shit,” Steph replied bluntly. “People are
going to talk, and you can either make it look like the Navy is being up front
and honest, or we can play the usual stupid government cover-up game. And you
know how those end up.”

Burke looked at Sidorov, who only nodded. The captain suddenly leaned down and
slapped the controls of a nearby comms terminal.

“Yes, ma’am?” a young navy rating answered.

“Get me Admiral Schiller,” Burke told her, directing the call to the
commanding officer for public relations at Terran Navy Headquarters. “He’s
expecting my call.” She turned toward Steph, her lips twitching upward in what
might loosely be called a smile.

Steph’s eyes widened as she realized that Burke had played her. The bottom
line hadn’t changed: Steph would still get the exclusive access that she had
wanted. But instead of negotiating from a position of strength and possibly
getting out from under a pile of restrictions that Burke would probably slap
on her story, she had practically begged for it. She felt a flush of anger and
embarrassment at being manipulated so easily by the captain. It was a
sensation she wasn’t used to, and definitely didn’t like.

“Schiller.” A middle-aged man with an olive complexion and a hawk nose
appeared on the screen. “Has she agreed?”

“Yes, sir.” Burke glanced at Steph again. “We’ve got what we need.”

“Then get moving, captain,” Schiller ordered. “We’ve got to get on top of this
situation before we have an interstellar panic.” He leaned closer, his eyes
narrowing. “We need to know exactly what happened out there. And fast.”


* Chapter Ten
Chapter Ten{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TEN**

  

Once over the initial shock, the Navy moved quickly. Burke decided to keep
Sato on board _Aurora_ for now, both to contain any further revelations and to
quarantine him physically until they could make sure the ship hadn’t brought
back any pathogens or other alien oddities that could pose a direct threat.
Two tugs arrived and quickly maneuvered the big ship to a berth in a space
dock that had been hurriedly emptied. Several compartments in the dockway were
quickly converted over to sterile rooms to accommodate a team of military
medical and hazardous materials specialists. And a small team of psychiatrists
and physicians had been assembled to debrief and examine Sato.

As all this was going on, Burke, Sidorov and Steph sat around the table in
_Aurora’s_ main briefing room. It was uncomfortable wearing full vacuum gear,
but until the biohazard team arrived with more appropriate suits, it would
have to do. Admiral Patrick Tiernan, Chief of the Terran Navy Staff, had given
Burke direct orders to start debriefing Sato immediately and determine if the
whole thing was some sort of bizarre hoax, or if his claims of possible alien
invaders were real. They didn’t have time to waste.

No one else was present as Sato told his story for the first time. Burke and
Sidorov knew that he’d be telling it a hundred more times to the debriefing
team and others later on. But for now it was a closed first-time session.

Steph listened, enraptured as the young midshipman told his tale in a briefing
that he’d carefully prepared during the long months he’d been alone on the
ship. Burke had ordered that they all hold their questions until Sato had gone
through his briefing the first time. As he spoke, Steph noticed that the
expressions of both Navy officers grew more and more intense. Despite their
initial incredulity, Sato’s briefing was extremely convincing. Despite her own
natural skepticism, Steph found she believed him, especially when he brought
out the dog tags of the captain and crewmen who had died in the arena. She
could see him fighting for emotional control as he detailed the ordeal that
left him as the sole survivor.

And then he showed them the artifacts, which he’d intentionally saved for
last.

“This is the disk,” he told them, taking the shimmering cyan disk, his “ticket
home,” from a pocket in his uniform and passing it to Captain Burke. He had
kept it with him the entire trip, and he only gave it to the captain with the
greatest act of will.

Burke took it gingerly, finding it difficult to hold while wearing the bulky
gloves. “Did you run any tests on it?” she asked him as she handed it to
Sidorov.

“Yes, ma’am,” Sato told her. He tapped a few buttons on the briefing console
and a close-up of the disk appeared on the main screen. “I ran a full battery
of basic tests, using everything I either knew how to do or could learn in the
time I had, and came up with almost nothing.” He nodded at Burke’s frown. “I
realize that such testing isn’t my specialty, ma’am, but basic spectrographic
analysis, which is one of the first tests I ran, with the equipment we have
aboard is something I was taught early on by Lieutenant Amundsen. But look at
the results.”

A chart appeared on the display. Most materials were made up of a variety of
basic elements, each of which would appear as a line of data showing each
element and the amount of that element as a percentage of the whole. But in
this case, there were only two lines. The first indicated _Fe_ , or iron, with
a composition of 0.05183%. The remainder of the material was lumped under the
ominous heading of _Unknown_.

“That doesn’t make sense,” Burke told him as she passed the disk to Sidorov.
After turning it over gingerly in his hands, he passed it to Steph, who stared
at it, fascinated.

“I know, ma’am,” he replied. “But I assure you, it’s accurate. I ran it a
dozen times, using different equipment, calibrating everything carefully. I
also performed as many other tests as I could think of that were non-
destructive, all with the same results.” He shook his head. “I know someone
here will conduct many more tests, but I will be surprised if the results
differ. This,” he retrieved the disk from Steph, who parted with it only
reluctantly after becoming transfixed by the shimmering cyan surface, “is a
completely new material to our science.”

Steph noticed that he automatically put the disk back in the pocket of his
uniform tunic. _He’s going to have a tough time parting with that little
souvenir_ , she thought.

“But it’s nothing compared to _this_.” An insulated box that was big enough to
hold a basketball had been on the table the entire time. He removed the lid,
setting it aside on the table. Then he reached in with both hands and pulled
out the globe of the planet Keran.

His audience gasped.

“This is what is most important now,” he told them, holding it up so they
could look at it closely. “I believe this represents the planet Keran, and is
some sort of countdown timer to an invasion there.” He handed it to Burke.

“Goddamn suits,” she grumbled, having difficulty holding it. “I can’t seem to
get a grip on it.”

“It’s not the suit, captain,” Sato told her. “It’s what the globe is made of.
Or, perhaps, what it is _not_.”

“What do you mean?” Steph asked, fascinated by the incredibly sharp detail of
everything shown on the globe, from the lights of the larger cities showing on
the planet’s dark side, to the deltas of the major rivers emptying into the
seas.

“I don’t believe that it is a physical object,” he explained. “It is more like
an...energy capsule of some sort. That is why it’s so difficult to hold. It
seems to have mass, but I haven’t been able to measure it accurately. And you
can’t actually touch it: it’s almost like trying to handle some sort of self-
contained repeller field.” He shook his head. “I’ve tried everything from
pressing against it with my hand to a low-intensity laser to try and get an
accurate measurement of its size. But the results are all inconsistent. The
harder you press against it, the harder it presses back. I don’t have the
necessary physics knowledge to explain, but I believe that what we’re seeing
here _is_ Keran, perhaps reflected in some sort of space-time bubble, and we
are seeing it in real-time.”

“Impossible,” Sidorov breathed, gingerly taking the object.

“What do you mean, ‘we’re seeing it in real-time’?” Steph asked.

“I believe that the cloud formations and other phenomena you see here on this
object, at least the parts that aren’t reflections of what the aliens want us
to see of the invasion, are actually happening, now, on Keran,” he replied,
taking the globe back from her. He set it on a ring on the table that acted as
a stand. “I have actually studied the cloud patterns, and in the months it has
taken me to return home they haven’t repeated. I don’t think this is some sort
of replica that the aliens produced from the ship’s navigational records. It
is real.”

“How can you be sure?” Burke asked.

“It should be simple,” Sato told her. “I have made three-dimensional
recordings of the object, and the files have been dated. If we can get
meteorological data from Keran for those times, comparing them should be a
trivial matter.” He tapped a few buttons on the console, bringing up the
information on the files.

The thought sent a chill snaking down Burke’s spine. “If what you’re saying is
true, the bastards must have a ship in the Keran system, spying on us and
relaying this somehow.”

Reluctantly, Sato shook his head. “That is a possibility, captain, but...”

“Spit it out, midshipman,” she told him. “Now isn’t the time to hold back any
ideas.”

“As I said, ma’am, I think this is more than some sort of transmitted image
from a ship or sensor platform in the system. I think what we are seeing here
really _is_ Keran, as if it was contained in a separate bit of space-time.”

“You’re not making me feel any better, Ichiro,” she said in a softer voice,
the implications suddenly striking home. _If the aliens had technology that
was that advanced_ , she thought, _what chance would we have against them?_

“I want confirmation of this right now,” Burke ordered Sidorov. “Get Sato’s
data to _Hecate_ and have her jump for Keran immediately.” Direct
communications between the far-flung star systems occupied by humanity was, as
yet, impossible. Instead, a fleet of courier ships spent their operational
lives jumping between systems, gathering up data from special communications
buoys that buffered outgoing information. In turn, the incoming couriers
dumped their communications files into the buoys for distribution into the
local system, or to be held for couriers heading to systems further on. It was
a cumbersome and slow way to communicate, but until some of the highly
experimental, and incredibly expensive, direct communications systems long in
development had been perfected, it was all humanity had.

In the unusual case of _Aurora’s_ return, the Navy had anticipated the need
for priority interstellar communications and had pulled several Navy courier
ships off of their regular runs and put them at Burke’s disposal. They were
small and unarmed, but with their massive engines, they were the fastest ships
in human space.

Sidorov spoke for a few moments on a private channel, his voice muted in his
helmet. “Done,” he told Burke. “We won’t have anything back for nearly two
weeks, though.”

Burke shrugged, the gesture nearly lost in the bulk of the vacuum suit. “We’re
stuck with what we’ve got,” she said stoically as she eyed the blue globe that
sat on the table. “And this thing is going to start changing the closer we get
to the time the aliens will arrive?”

Sato noted that Burke’s original skepticism, which he had certainly expected,
had fled. She believed him. In one way, it was a huge relief that at least
someone believed his tale. But it also frightened him: it confirmed that this
was a nightmare from which he would never awaken. “Yes, captain.” He brought
up a view of the globe that he had taken soon after _Aurora_ had left alien
space that showed it in pristine condition. “This is what it originally looked
like. But if you look here,” he pointed toward the northern pole, which was a
sooty gray, “you can see that it has already changed significantly. It will
continue to alter its appearance from the northern to the southern pole as
time runs out, sort of like an hour glass. In the four months it took me to
return here, this much has run out.” He leveled his hand, much as the huge
warrior had, at what was roughly fifty degrees northern latitude, which was
the northern boundary of where the larger towns and cities began. While the
more spectacular visions of war were not yet apparent, the clouds of smoke
from burning cities were already swirling into the air of the northern pole.
“Again, I have studied its progression, and it seems to be constant. If my
projections are correct, we have roughly eighteen months to prepare.”

Burke and Sidorov exchanged a look. _Eighteen months_.

“Shit,” was all Burke could think of to say.

“But Ichiro,” Steph asked, “what of the aliens themselves? We have these two
bits of their technology,” she nodded toward the globe and implied the disk in
his pocket, as well, “but there’s nothing about them. No physical evidence-”

“But there is,” he said, bowing his head to her. He reached under the table
and withdrew a long curved black tube that was carefully sealed in plastic.

“Jesus,” Steph breathed. “That’s your grandfather’s sword, isn’t it? The one
you stabbed the alien with?”

“The same,” he told her. “After I realized its value,” he made an apologetic
nod toward Captain Burke, “I hermetically sealed it in plastic. The aliens may
have erased all traces of what happened from the ship’s computers, but I
assure you that there is physical evidence here.” He slowly slipped the blade
from the scabbard to reveal some dried blood along the blade’s edge. “I ran
some basic DNA testing on it as well as I was able with some of the bio-survey
team equipment. Not surprisingly, it is not human.” He carefully slid the
blade back in the scabbard and set down the sword.

“Midshipman Sato,” Burke began, then paused. “ _Lieutenant_ Sato, I can’t
express to you the value of what you’ve done, not just in surviving, but in
having the presence of mind to do all the work you did on the trip back to
give us a jump start on this thing. You’re going to have a rough time for a
while answering endless questions from the debriefing team, and you’ll also
have to sit for a formal inquiry. I apologize for that, but I’ll be straight
with you: a lot of people in high places aren’t going to want to believe any
of this, and the inquiry might help with that. It’s going to be hell, but not
nearly as bad as the hell you’ve already survived. And if there’s anything I
can do for you, anything, just ask, and I’ll go straight to the bloody Chief
of Naval Staff to get it if I have to.”

“Thank you ma’am,” Ichiro told her, bowing his head in respect. She had just
spot promoted him up three grades. “I do have one request...”

“Name it,” she told him.

“When the defense plan for Keran, whatever it might be, is put into operation,
I want to be there,” he told her, his eyes burning with a cold fury as he
remembered Chief Harkness’s words. “I want to welcome those fucking alien
bitches to human space.”

* * *

Steph was deep in thought as she watched Ichiro eat. Burke and Sidorov had
left the ship. After going through the strict decontamination procedures in a
temporary airlock set up outside the entrance to the space dock, they had been
able to get out of their vacuum suits and get back to Africa Station. Burke
had put Sidorov in overall command while she went planetside to confer with
the brass. Steph already had most of her initial story put together, and had
already run it by Sidorov. With a few minor changes, he had loved it.

But one thing was missing: their enemy didn’t have a name. Ichiro had tried to
make sketches of what the aliens looked like, and no doubt one of the members
of the growing debriefing team who waited impatiently in the space dock
compartments set aside for the purpose would be a profile artist to help
refine Sato’s rough vision. But no one had really come to grips with what to
call them; they were simply “the aliens.”

That just wouldn’t do, and she wanted to be the one to set the standard, not
some egghead on the debriefing team who’d come up with some idiotic
appellation.

The problem was that she couldn’t just make up something. Well, she could, she
reflected, but the Navy probably wouldn’t approve it if she didn’t have some
basis for it. And it had to have a decent ring to it. She knew that she just
needed a bit more time, and had pleaded with Sidorov to give her a while alone
with Sato. He had finally agreed, knowing that Burke already had the most
critical information, and all the debriefing team was really going to do was
polish and further substantiate what Sato had already told them. But they
still needed to get a story out, and fast.

Something tickled her mind, some small bit of information, but she couldn’t
latch onto it. So she let her mind wander as she scrolled through the text and
video files that Ichiro had put together.

The next file that came up was a video of Ichiro recounting those things he
could recall from the aliens’ speech, from what little they had spoken.

“...one of the things that was repeated during the ceremony in the arena, and
that the lead warrior said to me before I was put back aboard _Aurora_ , was
what sounded like _uhr kreelan_ ,” his image said, trying to carefully
pronounce it. “I believe there were a couple of other variations, but what
sounded like _kreelan_ was a common ending of some of what was clearly
ceremonial speech. It sounded similar to what you might hear in some religious
services, with the congregation answering the clergyman...”

_Kreelans_ , she thought, mulling over the term in her head. Humans might
never know what they were really called, but at least this was something that
had a basis in fact, and was certainly better than what some of the idiots
waiting their turn at Ichiro were going to come up with.

“Ichiro,” she asked, leaning forward on her elbows in the increasingly
uncomfortable vacuum suit, “we really need a name for these...creatures, other
than the ‘sword-wielding, blue-skinned bitches from hell.’”

He almost choked on his dinner as he burst out laughing, the first time since
before first contact. He had rarely exposed that much emotion to others, but
there was something about this woman that made him want to open up to her. He
knew that it was probably just the fact that she was a very attractive woman
and he was a young man who hadn’t seen a human female for months. _Hormones_ ,
he counseled himself. But it was more than that. From the moment he’d met her,
he’d felt a strange kinship with her that he was at a loss to explain. “Well,”
he told her after he’d managed to bring his laughter under control, “that
would certainly get some headlines, wouldn’t it?”

She smiled at him, genuinely warmed by the fact that she’d been able to inject
a little humor back into his life. Feelings like that didn’t come often to her
as part of her work: she was usually a cause of angst to others in the course
of her job, and this was a nice change. It didn’t hurt that he was attractive
and extremely intelligent, if a little on the young side. She frowned
inwardly. Definitely not her type, to judge by her previous history with
boyfriends. But this wasn’t a social call. She had a story to write, and she
set that train of thought aside.

“Okay, so that might make the tabloids happy, but for something serious, how
about we call the aliens ‘Kreelans’? It’s not quite as sexy, I know, but it’s
something the average Joe can pronounce and remember in between beers, and is
something you remember them saying-”

“Yes,” he said, interrupting her. The light of humor had left his face, and
his eyes were dark pools of thought. “We have no idea what that term means, of
course. But yes, I think that would fit the bill.” He shrugged. “Not that I
really have anything to say about it.”

Steph shook her head. “Listen to me, Ichiro,” she told him. “You’ve already
made history, no matter how anybody looks at this whole thing, no matter what
else happens. And you’re going to make more before it’s over. You’re the only
expert we really have, and that counts for a lot.” She leaned back, making
some more notes on her comp-pad. “Okay, so we’ll go with that. For all I know,
it might mean ‘moron’ in their language...”

That elicited another uncontrolled guffaw from Ichiro.

“…but it’ll work. The next question, though, is what the hell are they? Their
civilization, I mean.”

“The first thing that I thought of when we walked into the arena,” Ichiro said
after a moment of thought, “was that it reminded me of Earth’s Roman Empire.
We studied that a bit at the academy. I know it doesn’t necessarily fit, but
that’s how it felt to me, like we’d been transported back in time to an alien
version of Rome.” He shrugged. “We don’t know anything about their government,
of course, unless some of the wizards on the debriefing team can puzzle
something out. So the analogy is probably completely wrong. But that’s how I
felt,” he finished quietly, trying to turn away from the memories of the
slaughter that arose unbidden in his mind.

Steph saw him involuntarily shiver, and reached a hand across the table to
take hold of his. He tried bravely to smile. “Well, we’re not really trying to
get all the details straight at this point,” she told him. “We’re just trying
to come up with something that we can use to help tell people the story.”

_The Kreelan Empire_ , she thought. _Perfect_.

* * *

Four hours after _Aurora_ flashed into existence above Earth, the senior
civilian and military members of the Terran Planetary Government were gathered
in the main briefing room of the Presidential Complex in New York. They had
just seen the first report that Stephanie Guillaume had prepared and that the
Navy had approved. The woman had effectively summarized not only the facts,
such as they were at this point, of _Aurora’s_ voyage, but had also turned it
into an expertly crafted propaganda piece that gave “the enemy” a face and a
name.

Admiral Tiernan, the Terran Navy Chief of Staff, nodded to an assistant to
bring the lights back up. With fiery red hair long since faded to gray and
piercing green eyes that missed nothing, Tiernan was a sailor’s sailor who had
started his career as an enlisted man and worked his way up to the highest
uniformed position in the Terran Navy over the course of his forty year
career. While he could play the political game as well as anyone, his heart
and mind were always focused on the ships of his fleet, and the men and women
who served on them. “That’s what we plan to let TransCom News run through the
newswire, Madam President.” Tiernan had been briefed personally by Captain
Burke, and despite his misgivings - who would want to believe such a story? -
she had been extremely convincing. He also knew her reputation as a hard-nosed
no-nonsense officer, and if the young man who was the sole survivor on
_Aurora_ had convinced her, Tiernan felt compelled to believe the story. But
he knew he wouldn’t be in the majority.

President Natalie McKenna was still staring at the now-blank screen. She was
leaning forward in her chair, with her elbows on the table. Her hands covered
the lower half of her face as if she were trying to hide her expression.
Tiernan knew that wasn’t the case; it was simply one of her habits when she
was concentrating hard.

“Josh,” Vladimir Penkovsky, the head of the Terran Intelligence Service asked
Joshua Sabine, the civilian Defense Minister, “Do you really believe this?”

Sighing, Sabine nodded. He’d been present when Burke gave her briefing. He had
asked some hard, hard questions, and she’d had straight answers for him. And
none of them were encouraging. “Yes, Vladimir,” he said, almost grudgingly. “I
believe it.” He raised a hand as Penkovsky opened his mouth to interrupt him.
“I know that it’s not ironclad until Sato is debriefed and the engineering
team goes over the ship with a fine tooth comb. But I think we’ve got enough
solid evidence to feel confident that _Aurora_ did indeed have a first contact
encounter, and that this so-called ‘Kreelan Empire’ poses a clear and present
danger to the human sphere.”

Several other members of the council began to talk at once.

“Enough,” President McKenna said quietly, immediately stilling the babble. A
tall black woman from what had once been the state of Mississippi in the
United States, she never had to raise her voice. Born in poverty, orphaned at
an early age, and raised in a series of foster homes, no one would have ever
thought she would make it to the highest leadership position on the face of
planet Earth. But her resolution was as solid as her intellect was keen, and
she had overcome every obstacle that life had ever placed before her. This
one, while potentially greater by unknown orders of magnitude, was no
different in her mind. “Like most of the others in this room and elsewhere,”
she went on, “I don’t want to believe this. But we’ve always known that there
might come a day when we encountered another sentient race. Everyone has
always hoped that such a civilization would be a peaceful one.” She glanced at
Tiernan. “But we also knew that it might not be. And we can’t afford to ignore
what Sato brought back. Not with only eighteen months to prepare for an
invasion.”

“Our options are limited, Madam President,” the Secretary of State, Hamilton
Barca, rumbled. Looking more like a professional football linebacker than a
top graduate of New Harvard’s law school, Barca’s appearance often put his
counterparts off-balance in negotiations, while his endless patience in
diplomatic discussions could wear down even the most difficult negotiator.
“Earth has a trade relationship with Keran, of course, and full diplomatic
ties, but no military treaties,” he explained. “Even if they believe this,” he
nodded at the screen where they had just seen the proposed press report, “we
don’t have any mutual support agreements with them, and they don’t even have a
real spacegoing navy. It’s going to take a lot of time to-”

“Hamilton,” McKenna interrupted, something she almost never did to anyone,
“I’m aware of what you’re going to be facing on the diplomatic front. But if
we believe the information we have, and I do, based on what Admiral Tiernan
has presented today, we simply don’t have time for normal negotiations. And if
we don’t act, and act decisively, the invasion won’t stop at Keran. They
showed us with _Aurora_ that they could as easily attack Earth.”

“It’s a deception,” Penkovsky interjected. “What if they want us to do exactly
that? They can lead us into pouring our resources into defending a second-
string colony world, and then just appear here and gut one of the core
worlds.”

The room once again descended into a babble of arguing.

“We need to dust off the Human Sphere Defense Agreement,” Barca’s voice boomed
out.

His remark not only silenced the argument, but elicited a series of groans
from around the table. The Human Sphere Defense Agreement, or HSDA, had been
proposed years before after a similar scare that had turned out to be a false
alarm. While the details of the proposal were complex, it basically would put
all the spacegoing navies of the human sphere under unified military control
and create an independent force of marines. The main sticking point, of
course, was who would then be in control of the new joint military structure.
Just like the countries of Earth had been a few centuries before, not all
human-settled worlds were democracies, and not all of the world-states got
along well (even many of the democracies did not get along well). The HSDA
would never come about unless a unified political structure to control it was
formed. None of the world-states, including Earth, wanted to give up any of
their sovereignty to an inter-system government, and many planets had weak or
nonexistent planetary governments, as well. The only reason Earth’s Terran
Planetary Government functioned as well as it did was that the nation-states
that had guided Earth’s destiny for so many years were greatly weakened in the
series of wars before the Diaspora, when much of Earth’s population fled the
turmoil to found new colonies. Earth’s surviving governments realized that the
only hope of long-term survival and renewed prosperity lay in forming a strong
global government. It was not an easy or bloodless process, but eventually had
put Earth diplomatically and economically far ahead of the colonies whose
governments remained decentralized.

“I agree,” President McKenna said, much to the chagrin of most of the members
of the cabinet. “This is what the HSDA was meant for, but before there wasn’t
a real threat to make it stick. This time there is.”

“If anyone else buys this story,” Penkovsky said under his breath.

McKenna fixed him with a burning glare. “I don’t care if anyone else believes
it,” she grated. “If half of what Admiral Tiernan said was true, if the
aliens, these Kreelans, have technology that advanced, our entire species is
at risk. We will spare no effort, _none_ , to protect both ourselves and other
human-settled worlds to the best of our ability.”

“And that, Madam President,” Defense Minister Sabine said, “is the next big
question. We’ve only got about one hundred warships with jump capability,
ranging from corvettes on up to light cruisers and a handful of troop
transports. Most of them are engaged in anti-piracy patrols in systems that
don’t have their own navies, with three dozen or so in Earth space at any
given time on home patrol or in refit.” Admiral Tiernan nodded in agreement.
While the Terran Navy sported a big league title, it wasn’t nearly as large as
any of the old major wet-fleet navies had been. Earth had never really had to
fight anyone since the Diaspora, and so had never allocated a huge budget for
defense.

“We have quite a few ground troops,” General Jaswant Singh, Chief of the
Terran Army Staff said. “We could easily deploy several divisions without
seriously affecting our own defenses.”

“It’s the same with us,” General Sharine Metz, commander of the Terran
Aerospace Defense Force, said. “We could deploy at least six squadrons of
interceptors for near-space defense, and cover the gap in Earth’s defenses by
activating some reserve units to fill in.”

Tiernan frowned. “The main obstacle is going to be lining up enough transport
capacity to get our forces there and then keep them supplied,” he said. “We’ve
only got a few assault carriers, enough to hold two full heavy divisions. The
interceptors,” he glanced at Metz, “we’d have to take in on civilian
freighters, so we’d have to get prior approval from Keran to get the squadrons
on the ground and prepare them for combat.”

McKenna nodded. None of this was a surprise to her. Everyone was still just
trying to get used to the idea that there was another intelligent species out
there that had decided to wage war on humanity for no apparent reason, and all
they had right now were problems without solutions. She could listen to those
who wanted to wait for more information, to see if this would just go away,
but she wasn’t about to waste any time. Thinking about the strange “hourglass”
of the planet Keran and the millions of people there, she knew they had
precious little as it was. “Here are my orders,” she said formally, “and they
are not subject to debate.” Everyone nodded. They’d heard that tone of voice
before during the major economic crisis that McKenna’s first administration
had faced, when the global economy was in deep peril and she had redefined the
meaning of personal leadership. “First,” she said, turning to Tiernan, “I want
you to run the story your pet journalist has put together. We’ll have a
certain amount of apprehension among the populace, but I want to let our
people know what we’re up against. I’ll hold a press conference immediately
after the first story runs, and I want periodic updates as we learn more.

“Second, we will make all of our findings from the survivor’s debriefing
public once the next of kin of the _Aurora’s_ crew have been notified, and we
will honor any reasonable requests by other governments to send observers for
independent study of whatever the ship brought back.” That raised a few
eyebrows, but no one said anything.

“Third, we will offer any and all assistance that we can to Keran. And even if
they won’t accept direct military assistance, I want an expeditionary force
prepared for a rapid insertion into the system if things go south and they
need help. If we can help stop the Kreelans there, so much the better.

“Fourth, we will call a special session of the Interstellar Forum and refloat
the HSDA. I don’t expect it’s going to be adopted, but I want it out there
again, fresh in everyone’s mind. Because if Keran falls, everyone’s going to
be worried about who will be next and how they can defend themselves, and HSDA
will at least give us something to start with.

“Fifth, I want a plan to get our economy on a wartime footing. The red tape
and all the rest of the _bullshit_ goes out the door.” Several members of the
cabinet flinched at the expletive. McKenna rarely cursed. “We need ships,
weapons, and manpower, and we need them fast. We also need public support for
this, both financially and politically.” She paused, her face turning grim.
“And when we have the plan together, I’m going to go before the Terran
Congress and petition for a draft.”

Defense Minister Sabine whistled through his teeth. “That’s going to be an
awfully tough sell, Madam President,” he said quietly. The president had
complete authority to do everything she’d said except for instituting a draft
for obligatory military service. For that, congressional approval was required
in the form of a two-thirds majority vote. _And that was tough to get on the_
easy _legislation_ , Sabine thought sourly. “And if we get into a massive arms
buildup, a lot of our neighbors are going to wonder if we’re not thinking of
doing a little empire-building ourselves.”

“Good,” McKenna said. “If we can leverage their fear of us, then so be it. But
I want us to be transparent about what we’re doing. I want other governments
to know why we’re doing it, and we’ll offer to help them do the same. But I
don’t care if they build ships and weapons for the wrong reason; it will still
help our collective defense when the enemy comes. As for Congress, that’s up
to me.” She looked around the room. “Let me be perfectly clear, my friends,”
she told them in a voice laced with steel. “This is not a time for half-
measures. I’ll accept the resignation now from anyone who feels they can’t get
behind this one hundred percent from the start. Because as of today, after
learning of the unprovoked attack on _Aurora_ , the systematic murder of her
crew, and the direct threat made to a human world, even if not our own, I plan
to ask the Terran Congress for an official declaration of war against the
Kreelan Empire.”


* Chapter Eleven
Chapter Eleven{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER ELEVEN**

  

Among the countless planets that orbited the ten thousand suns of the Empire,
many were such as this: great barren rocks that were host to gigantic seas of
the matrix material controlled by the builders. From this they created the
smallest to the greatest of the Empire’s physical constructs, even entire
worlds. For if the Empress willed it, it would be done.

A great task had She given the builders here and on other worlds, even as the
strangers, the _humans_ , were fighting and dying before Tesh-Dar’s eyes. A
new fleet would be created for Her warriors, to carry them forth into battle
with their new enemy among the stars.

But this fleet was not meant to seek out and expunge the human animals from
the Universe, for even a small task force of Her modern warships could
accomplish that menial task. Instead, the builders had to reach back into the
Books of Time, far back, to recall the designs created by their ancestors over
one hundred thousand human years before. They sought designs that predated
even the founding of the First Empire, for that was the level of technology
that they sought to match. The bulk of the Imperial Fleet would remain as it
was, the physical sword and shield of the Empire, but the new fleet would be
roughly equal to the human ships they expected to face. And if the humans
brought more advanced technology to bear in the coming encounter, so much the
better for the added challenge Her Children would face.

Standing on the crest of a low mountain that held a great underground city,
Tesh-Dar looked out across a giant lake of the black matrix. Above her the sky
was bright with the artificial sun created aeons ago to light and warm this
barren planet. It was a sterile wasteland of a world, useless for
colonization, but ideal for the purposes to which it had been put. Much of its
surface mass had been converted to the black matrix millennia before, and had
been used as She required. A jarring landscape of violently upthrust rocks and
ancient impact craters, the builders and the others of Her Children who
labored here found solace and beauty in the monumental city beneath Tesh-Dar’s
feet, where the graceful domes and spires of buildings and dwellings lay under
open skies and were surrounded by forests as if they were still on the
Homeworld.

While Tesh-Dar’s own powers were beyond the comprehension of any builder ever
born, their powers left her with a keen sense of respect and awe. She watched
as thousands of them stood in a rough oval nearly a human kilometer in length
and half as wide, their arms out with palms turned inward to the center of the
oval. She could sense the buildup of energy as the builder mistresses, those
oldest and most powerful among the builders here, harnessed and guided the
power of the acolytes. Other such groups of builders stood in similar ovals
farther out; some groups were larger and some smaller, depending on the type
of ship they had been called upon to build, with all of them near the shore of
the matrix lake.

Tesh-Dar gasped as the power of the nearest group surged, and the surface of
the nearby matrix lake began to stir. Its black, featureless surface suddenly
began to ripple, and then the first particles began to separate from the
depths of infinite black and float into the air. Moving faster and faster, the
particles flew toward the center of the oval, the stream of airborne matrix
becoming thicker until it blocked her view of the other groups of builders who
worked beyond.

After momentarily hanging in the air in a nebulous cloud, the particles began
to coalesce, and Tesh-Dar saw the first translucent shapes appear in mid-air
where the ship’s internal systems would be. At first only as thick as a single
matrix particle, the primitive internal components of the ship gradually took
form, even as more particles began to form some of the outer hull segments.

The great priestess marveled at the sleekness of the emerging design. Even
with primitive spacecraft as ancient as this Her Children had fused the beauty
of form with function, so unlike the designs of human ships she had seen from
the extracted logs of the human craft. Unlike the boxy and cylindrical
utilitarian shapes of the human vessels, this craft was formed with elegant
curves and shapely proportions pleasing to the eye, as well as deadly to its
foes. Kreelan engineering was as much art as it was science in all that they
did, and warships were no exception.

“In Her name,” breathed Tesh-Dar’s First, a fiery young warrior named Kamal-
Utai. This was her first visit to such a place, and Tesh-Dar smiled inwardly
at the fascination felt by her apprentice, for she found it no less
enthralling after seeing similar scenes countless times before. “Even before
the days of the First Empress were we masters of the stars.”

Tesh-Dar knew that it would take the builders weeks of painstaking labor to
finish the ship that was now taking form, and even more time to complete the
others being built for the new fleet, but she was satisfied with their
interpretation of the Empress’s will. It would take yet more preparation to
train the warriors who would crew the ships, for they would have to learn
everything anew. She did not envy the task of the ship mistresses who now
studied the Books of Time translating from the Old Tongue the information on
how to operate these primitive vessels. But she herself would be among the
many to receive their tutelage, for Tesh-Dar was to lead this first campaign.
Piloting the ships, operating the weapons, learning appropriate battle
tactics: there was so very much to learn, and she looked forward to every
moment of it.

In the coming war with the human horde, Her warriors would be evenly matched
against the enemy. It would be a glorious opportunity to bring honor to the
Empress for the warriors chosen to fight. Even now, countless arenas around
the Empire were filled with cries of fury and the clash of steel as warriors
fought in ritual combat for the right to slay, or be slain by, the human
animals. Such combats would continue for many weeks, for many tens of
thousands of warriors would be involved in the invasion of the human world,
_Keran_ , and many more would fight in the cycles to come. The attack on this
first world had no particular strategic value, but was merely to provoke the
humans into a fierce response. For this was not a battle or a war to be won or
lost: it was simply to be fought for the honor and glory it brought to Her, to
the Empress. And Her warriors would keep on fighting through the remaining
centuries left to their dying race, should that be the will of the Empress.

With the Bloodsong burning in her veins and her body tingling with the energy
unleashed by the builders, Tesh-Dar watched in silent wonder the birth of the
fleet that would soon be hers to command.

* * *

Seated behind a lavish teak desk in his main office at the Keran Embassy,
Ambassador Faisul bin Sultan, Keran’s diplomatic representative to Earth,
listened quietly as Secretary of State Hamilton Barca explained the situation
as it was viewed by the Terran Government. Less than twenty-four hours had
elapsed since _Aurora_ flashed into existence next to Africa Station, and the
shock waves of Stephanie Guillaume’s news report and the president’s press
conference were spreading through human space with every successive jump of
the communications couriers that carried the broadcasts. Ambassador bin Sultan
had, of course, seen both the news release and the president’s press
statements: Barca had called him beforehand to make sure the news did not
catch him by surprise, and to schedule a meeting as quickly as possible at the
Keran Embassy.

“...and so, Mr. Ambassador,” Barca concluded, “we would like to offer our
unconditional support in the defense of your world, including direct military
assistance should you so desire. The president made it very clear to me that
there were absolutely no strings attached, no _quid pro quo_.”

Bin Sultan’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. _There were always strings, always
conditions_ , he thought, _even though they were often invisible_.

“When the enemy invades,” Barca told him, “we want to try to stop them cold.”

Leaning back in his chair, bin Sultan regarded Barca for a moment before he
spoke. “Mr. Secretary,” he said finally, his mellifluous voice carrying only
the hint of an accent of his native Arabic through his Standard English, “I do
not wish to appear ungrateful, because the offer made by your president is
truly generous. I also wish to express condolences, on behalf of my government
and myself, for the loss of your ship’s company, among which was a citizen of
our world, as I am sure you know. As with ships that sail upon the seas, the
loss of a crew or a vessel on such a long and perilous journey is always a
terrible tragedy. All that aside, Mr. Secretary, I will of course convey your
government’s kind offer immediately to my government.” He paused for a moment,
clearly grappling with what he was to say next. “But I also cannot help but
feel that President McKenna may be reacting with, if you will forgive me, some
small haste in the matter. It has barely been a full day, and complete
analysis of the information has barely begun. I feel very strongly for the
young man who returned alone from this ill-fated expedition, but asking us to
go to a war footing based solely upon his account and some interesting
artifacts is...precipitous, let us say.”

Barca grimaced inwardly at the diplomat’s choice of words. In diplo-speak, it
was the rough equivalent of bin Sultan shouting that he thought the president
was fucking crazy. But Barca couldn’t help but agree to some extent with what
bin Sultan was saying: the president had been incredibly quick off the mark on
this one, and two cabinet members had already resigned after her little in-
house pep talk. But to Barca, she was still The Boss, and if she wanted to go
balls to the wall to prepare for an alien invasion, he would do everything in
his power to help her. Because, God forbid, she just might be right.

“I completely understand, Mr. Ambassador, believe me,” Barca said. “We fully
realize how much of a shock this must be, and how...well, how incredible it
all seems. But the president is fully convinced by the available evidence and
is committed to having Earth do whatever we can, as quickly as we can, to
prepare for whatever may come. Eighteen months leaves us very little time.”

“Thank you, Mr. Secretary. And please rest assured that I will contact you
personally the moment I have a response from my government.” The ambassador
smiled and stood up smoothly, signaling an end to the meeting, and Barca did
the same. Shaking the bigger man’s hand, bin Sultan told him, “I appreciate
your coming here, Mr. Secretary. Please keep us apprised of your findings, and
I will contact you soon.”

“Always a pleasure, Mr. Ambassador,” Barca replied formally.

A few minutes later, Barca settled into the limousine that would take him on
to the next of half a dozen visits to other embassies to try and drum up
support for the war effort against an enemy that only one man had encountered
and survived. Sighing, he put a call through to the president to give her an
update. He expected one of her executive assistants, but his call was answered
immediately. It was the president herself.

“How did it go, Ham?” she asked him expectantly.

“He said, in a most dignified manner, of course, that he thinks you’re a loon
and that we’re making a mountain out of a molehill,” he told her bluntly.
“He’s going to pass the offer along to his government, of course, but...” He
sighed and shook his head.

She puffed out her cheeks and rubbed her temples. “I know,” she said, trying
to rein in her frustration, “and I don’t blame him. And the others will be the
same, I’m sure, at least right now. There are huge questions that we can’t
answer, and precious little evidence-”

Barca snorted. “Ma’am, a five hundred meter ship with a missing crew is plenty
of evidence of _something_. It’s just that people don’t want to believe Sato’s
story about the aliens. Not so much that there _are_ aliens, although there
are a lot of folks who won’t believe that, either, but that they don’t even
know us and yet they’re coming to look for a fight. If the ship’s records had
been intact and had shown some reflection of the attack, anything to support
Sato’s story other than the physical artifacts, it might be different. _Might_
be. But even at that,” he shrugged, “people have an incredibly powerful sense
of denial.”

“I know,” she said, a trace of strain in her voice, “I know. But I feel this
in my gut, Ham. We can’t afford to be wrong. We’ve somehow got to make them
see that there’s a threat. And get them to do something about it.”

He paused before he answered. He had known Natalie McKenna for over twenty
years, and had found her to be one of the most noble, intelligent, sensible,
and downright tough human beings he had ever encountered. He also remembered
that she’d had quite a few “gut feelings” in the time he’d known her, and she
had never once been wrong. Not one single time. Call it intuition, call it
blind luck, call it whatever you want. It all boiled down to the same thing.
If something inside her was telling her that this was the real deal, something
beyond the incontrovertible evidence embodied in what the _Aurora_ had brought
back, then he believed it. And it was starting to scare him to death.

“I’ll do my very best, Madam President,” he told her solemnly as he flexed his
massive arms, stressing the seams of his suit. “Even if I have to pound it
into their thick heads.”

That won him a tentative smile from his commander-in-chief. “I know you will,
Ham,” she replied. “And thanks...”

* * *

Three weeks later, Ichiro Sato was finally released from medical quarantine
aboard the _Aurora_. He had stoically endured the endless poking and prodding
for blood samples and biopsies, provided urine and stool samples every few
hours, had a variety of two- and three-dimensional scans done every week, and
suffered even more intrusive and humiliating tests to satisfy the army of
doctors and nurses in biological warfare suits. He knew it was in a good
cause, both for himself and for his fellow humans, but being released from
quarantine was almost as emotional an experience as had been his return to
Africa Station.

With the scientists and engineers finally losing interest in him or, in the
case of the doctors, having no excuses to continue holding him, Sato had
finally been freed from quarantine aboard the ship. But as soon as he stepped
out the airlock, he first had to sit through some very tough questioning from
the board of inquiry about what had happened to the ship and her missing crew.
After surviving that, he was plunged into an endless series of meetings
planetside with senior officers and civilians who demanded his story in
person. As he was shuttled from venue to venue, he discovered that his image
was plastered everywhere. He was an overnight celebrity across the planet, and
that was spreading rapidly to the other planets of the human sphere. Some
pundits considered him a heroic survivor, but some weren’t so kind. A few even
went so far as to accuse him of somehow engineering the deaths of the crew so
he could return home, overlooking the fact that Earth wasn’t his home, and the
navigational feat of _Aurora_ appearing right next to Africa Station was
simply impossible with available human technology. Others were convinced that
his body secretly harbored some sort of alien parasite that would suddenly
burst forth and begin the process of eliminating his fellow humans.

The only saving grace in his time planetside was Steph. She and her network,
which had shot to the top of the ratings charts, had an exclusive, and no
other reporters were allowed access to Ichiro unless her network agreed to it.
They had made some exceptions, but for the most part Steph had kept them out
of his now properly cut hair. She went with him to all of the sessions with
the senior brass, and made it all look good in the public eye. While she was
doing it for obvious professional reasons and Sato essentially had no choice,
they found each other to be pleasant company and had become good friends. In a
way, Sato wished it might become something more, but he found that there was a
deep emotional emptiness inside him that concealed a sense of guilt that the
psychologists and psychiatrists had been unable to expunge. On balance, he was
happy enough just having a friend who seemed to understand him.

Today, though, was something special: the courier had finally returned from
Keran with the meteorological data he had requested to compare with the images
he had taken of the cloud formations circling the alien replica of the planet.
That information was what the powers that be had been waiting for before
holding the final review of what had come to be called the “ _Aurora_
Incident.”

Sitting at the front of the main briefing complex at Terran Naval Headquarters
with the other presenters, Sato listened as Admiral Tiernan, Chief of the
Terran Naval Staff, delivered short opening remarks before a battery of
experts, including Sato, was called upon to deliver their findings to a joint
council that included everybody who was anybody in the Terran military. The
meeting was chaired by Tiernan, but representatives from every service were
present, as were Defense Minister Joshua Sabine and several other key cabinet
members. The president had decided to wait for the executive summary version
from her cabinet representatives: in the meantime, she had more battles to
fight with congress.

“Because we have a lot of ground to cover,” Tiernan told the attendees, “I’d
like to ask that you hold your questions until the breakout sessions after the
main presentation. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Dr. Novikov to begin.”

Dr. Anton Novikov was the director of the medical staff that had examined
Sato. “After the most exhaustive test battery we’ve ever run,” Novikov
explained, “our findings on examining Lieutenant Sato were completely negative
in terms of any identifiable pathogens.” On the main screen in the expansive
conference room, a bewildering list of tests, dates, results, and other
information scrolled from bottom to top. But no one paid it any attention:
everyone’s eyes were riveted on Sato.

“However,” Novikov went on, “we did find clear evidence of physiological
manipulation.” On the screen, the blinding list of tests disappeared, replaced
by side-by-side bioscans of Sato’s jaw line. “In this case,” Novikov went on,
“the cracks that Lieutenant Sato had in two of his lower teeth, sustained
during his first year at the academy-” the hairline fractures were highlighted
in the bioscan on the left, “-have disappeared, as you can see in the bioscan
on the right.” The audience murmured as they examined the two images. While
the cracks were subtle in the “before” image, they were nonetheless clear. And
they were plainly gone in the “after” image. “We examined them extremely
closely, and they are definitely the original teeth, not replacements. But
there are no indications of any type of repair: no fusing or any other
technique. It’s as though they were never damaged in the first place.”

A new set of bioscans flashed onto the screen, this time of Sato’s left ankle.
“Lieutenant Sato had mild scarring of his left achilles tendon from a
childhood accident,” the doctor continued. An easily visible mass of tissue at
the base of his achilles tendon was highlighted in red. “Again, the evidence
of this injury is completely gone in the bioscans we made after his return.”
The image on the right showed Sato’s achilles tendon again, but this time in
pristine condition. “Ladies and gentlemen, there is no medical application or
science we have available to us today that would repair these injuries and
leave absolutely no trace behind. There are also other, more subtle,
differences that we detected in Lieutenant Sato’s physiology that indicate
some sort of medical intervention.” He paused, looking across the audience.
“Without a sample, we obviously cannot corroborate Lieutenant Sato’s report of
an alien ‘healing gel.’ However, based on our findings, we can certainly say
that _something_ happened to him that is beyond our ability to satisfactorily
explain. And that, ladies and gentlemen, concludes the medical portion of this
briefing.”

“Thank you, Dr. Novikov,” Admiral Tiernan told him. “And now I’d like to move
on to-”

“What about psychological aberrations?” someone interrupted.

Tiernan frowned. Someone always didn’t get the message about what “hold your
questions” meant, but he let the question stand. Novikov hadn’t touched on the
psychological aspects, and Tiernan himself was curious.

Novikov shook his head. “We ran an extremely intensive series of psychological
tests,” he said. “The reason I did not include the results here is that, aside
from some understandable emotional trauma, we could detect no unexpected or
unreasonable variations from normal.”

There were some sidelong glances around the room, Sato noticed. More than a
few people were concerned that he might have been psychologically influenced
or brainwashed by the aliens and made into a spy or assassin. He didn’t really
blame them: it was a lot easier to believe that than face the truth.

“Any other questions?” Tiernan asked, the tone of his voice making it clear
that there had better not be. Heads shook around the room. “Very well. Captain
Bennett, if you please.”

The woman sitting next to Sato rose and took up a position behind the podium.
Captain Leona Bennett was the chief engineer that had led the team that had
taken _Aurora_ apart from stem to stern. When she looked at the audience, she
didn’t smile. She had not liked what her team had found.

“As Dr. Novikov’s team did with Lieutenant Sato himself,” she nodded at him
from the podium, “we conducted extended forensics tests of the _Aurora_ ,
including her hull, interior, and all ship’s systems.

“We found that _Aurora_ herself was completely free of any suspicious
microorganisms, particles, or devices. However,” she went on, “as Dr. Novikov
found with his patient, there were a number of oddities about the ship that we
are at a complete loss to explain.

“The first,” she said as a projection of the ship appeared on the screen, the
camera panning from the bow toward the stern, “is that there was no evidence
at all of any holes having been cut anywhere in the hull. Even microscopic
examination of several specific areas that Lieutenant Sato pointed out to us
revealed nothing.

“However,” she went on, “the microscopic scans revealed something completely
unexpected, and led to a detailed metallurgical sampling of the hull and
interior components.” She flashed a chart up on the display screen. “These are
spectrographs of samples of the ship’s outer hull plating during her last
refit. As you can see, there are tiny variations in the composition of the
alloy. This is normal from slight imperfections in the production processes.
_This_ , however,” she said as she changed the display to a new chart, “is
not.” Where the previous chart showed slight differences among the samples,
the samples in the new chart were eerily identical. “These samples were taken
from the same plates in the hull as those in the chart you just saw. Not only
are they all identical, but they’re all slightly different than the samples
taken during _Aurora’s_ last refit.” She paused, her face taking on a grim
expression. “Ladies and gentlemen, this is flat-out impossible unless someone
completely remade, on a molecular level and with a precision that we cannot
match - the entire ship.”

That sparked an uproar until Tiernan ordered everyone to silence so Captain
Bennett could continue.

“That’s not all,” she told them. “More perplexing to us were the findings from
the analysis of the ship’s engines. As most of you know, certain components
have a limited operational life because of heat, friction, or a variety of
other factors and must be periodically replaced.

“But everything in _Aurora’s_ sublight and hyperdrive systems looked brand
new,” she explained. “And I have to emphasize that some of the components are
normally extremely difficult to get to, and require very special tools. It
took my engineers a full week working around the clock to pull the hyperdrive
core. And it was clear from the part identification markings and three-
dimensional scans that they weren’t replacements: _they were the very same
parts as installed on the ship’s last refit_. But somehow made new.”

Looking directly at Admiral Tiernan, she summed up her findings and her fears.
“Sir, I can’t confirm Lieutenant Sato’s story from what we found on the ship.
But I can definitely confirm that something incredibly strange happened to
that ship, something that’s centuries beyond our current engineering
capability.”

Those around the room fell silent. Bennett had a reputation for being an
engineering genius, and many had long thought her talents wasted in the Navy.
Her last words sent a haunting chill through the senior military officers and
civilian officials who sat around the table at the center of the room.

“Thank you, captain,” Tiernan said into the resounding silence. He had already
read the summary and most of the details of Bennett’s findings, but was
nonetheless disturbed. While she made it clear that there was no indication
that the ship itself posed any danger, whoever had manipulated the vessel was
clearly in a league of their own in terms of technology.

“Dr. Larsen will now present the results of the study of the substance,
believed to be blood, found on Lieutenant Sato’s sword,” Tiernan said, nodding
toward a tall, thin man with thinning blonde hair who sat on the other side of
Sato. “Doctor, if you would, please.”

Larsen was nervous as he took the stage. Unlike many academics who had a lot
of experience in front of people, even if just students in a classroom, Larsen
had very little: his life was spent in the laboratory. He was widely
published, but had generally avoided giving public talks himself. Instead, he
almost always trusted it to one of his understudies.

Sato grimaced inwardly, expecting a droning catalog of esoteric genetic
technobabble, but he, along with most of the rest of the audience, was
surprised as Larsen’s stage fright was overcome by enthusiasm for his topic.

“You have already seen many incredible things in the various reports from the
analyses of _Aurora_ and young Lieutenant Sato,” Larsen began, reading from
his notes after clearing his throat several times. “But I believe that those
revelations pale in significance to the findings I bring before you now.” He
groped around on the podium for a moment, finally finding the control to bring
up his first display.

“Here you see the double-helix that we are all familiar with,” he explained as
a strand of DNA slowly turned on the screen behind him. “While it varies
depending on the species used for comparison, human DNA - a reconstruction of
which you see on the screen behind me - is much more similar to other Earth-
descended life forms than it is different. For example, we share roughly
ninety-five percent commonality in our DNA with chimpanzees.” A second strand
of DNA appeared on the screen next to the first, with a watermark of a chimp
behind it. To the untrained eye, the two strands were identical.

“Now, ladies and gentlemen,” Larsen said, for the first time glancing up from
his prepared notes, clearly excited, “I know that you expected me to ramble on
about gene sequences and such. But there is no need once you’ve seen _this_.”

The chimp DNA disappeared, and was replaced by the image of a new double
helix. It was nearly twice as long as the human DNA strand, and had strange
protrusions from the helix at regular intervals along its length. The audience
made a collective gasp: Larsen’s team had only just finished their analysis,
and no one, not even Tiernan, had yet seen the results until now.

“Yes, ladies and gentlemen,” Larsen told them, turning to look admiringly at
the image. “This is something entirely new to our science! Nowhere in all the
worlds we have surveyed have we seen anything like it. Some parts of it, we
understand; others, such as these strange extensions-” he pointed to one of
the protrusions, “-continue to baffle us. There is much controversy among
those of us looking at the samples brought back by Lieutenant Sato. But there
are two incontrovertible facts. First, that this gene sequence can encode
vastly more information than our own DNA; and second, that it is not from any
known species of life that humanity has ever encountered and sampled.

“While this is all still very preliminary,” he went on, turning back to his
stunned audience, “I feel compelled to point out that a majority of my
colleagues are convinced that the species or sub-species that this sample came
from was genetically engineered, that there is far too much data in the
structure to have been encoded naturally, even over an extended period of
evolution. Others believe differently. I myself am not yet decided on the
matter. But we are all in agreement that it is of completely unknown origin.”

“I don’t bloody believe it,” someone murmured.

_I wish I could say that_ , Tiernan thought. Whether Sato had really found
blue-skinned alien women from hell out in deep space or not, _something_ was
out there. “Thank you, Dr. Larsen,” he told him, relieved that the haunting
image of that alien DNA had been taken off the screen.

As Larsen shuffled off the stage, Tiernan turned to look directly at Sato.
“Okay, son, it’s your show.”

Sato took his place at the podium, facing his audience. In his earlier life,
he would have been terrified of briefing such an assembly of senior officers
and civilians. But he had already come to know many of them fairly well over
the last few weeks through an endless series of vidcom calls, and what he had
experienced on the _Aurora_ had forever changed his threshold of fear. His eye
caught Steph sitting in the back row, again wearing her “killer red dress,” as
she liked to call it. He didn’t acknowledge the wink she gave him, but her
confidence warmed him nonetheless.

“Thank you, sir,” Sato said, his strong voice carrying well without the need
for artificial amplification. “Since most of you already know the background
on what you’re going to see, a comparison of the cloud formations on the alien
artifact representing Keran with time-matched meteorological records sent back
from the Keran government, I’ll skip over the preliminaries and get to the
bottom line.” He pressed a button on the tiny remote he held, and the massive
screen at the head of the room suddenly showed an image of a planet that
looked much like Earth, with a set of time and date information at the bottom.
“This is satellite data that was delivered to us this morning by courier from
Keran,” Sato explained. “Please note the date and time information, which is
shown in Universal Standard to correspond with the times of the images I took
while returning on _Aurora_.” The view of the planet suddenly changed from
that of a typical sphere, expanding to show a two-dimensional display of the
entire planet, as if it had been converted to a wall map. Three red circles
flashed on, illuminating some large cloud masses. “These three major storms
are good points of reference for what we’re about to see in this first
sample.”

He clicked the remote again, and that image shrank to half the screen, while
another image of what looked like the same planet appeared, except that it was
suspended on a metal ring in an image capture stand. Identical time and date
information to what was on the first image appeared at the bottom. “This is
the alien artifact that appears to represent Keran, taken at the same relative
time.” Another click, and the sphere was reformed to show a rectangular
display of the entire planet’s surface as Sato had done a moment before with
the satellite imagery, with three red circles around major storm systems.

“These cloud formations look similar, but the question is, are they the same?
I had the computer highlight any differences between them in bright red.” Sato
clicked the remote again. The two images came together and were merged. “As
you can see, they appear to be the same. Closer analysis revealed, however,
that the two images are not just similar, but are _identical_.” He paused.
“This means that the alien artifact is showing not just some random
representation of Keran, but is actually echoing an image of the planet in
real-time, even from hundreds of light years away.”

“That’s impossible,” someone blurted.

“To us, perhaps,” Sato said. “But this isn’t a fluke. I made a dozen different
recordings over the four months of the journey back to Earth. Every single one
of those recordings was a perfect match with the imagery from Keran.”

“So what does this mean?” the Minister of Defense, Joshua Sabine, asked
pointedly. “I’ve heard the arguments both ways about there being a Kreelan
ship in Keran space somehow broadcasting to this...artifact. But how does it
influence our strategy?”

“It means, Mr. Secretary,” Tiernan pointed out, “that, aside from the
implications such advanced technology has in general, the enemy has
unparalleled reconnaissance and communications capabilities compared to our
own forces. They’ll know about anything that goes on in Keran space instantly,
while we have to rely on couriers for inter-system communications. And, of
course, if the Keran government doesn’t allow us to preposition any forces in
the system when the clock is about to run out, we’ll have nothing in the way
of reconnaissance to help us if the president orders us in.” He tossed the pen
he’d been idly twirling in his fingers onto the table. “We’ll be going in
completely blind.”

“It’s actually worse, admiral,” Sato told him quietly, although his voice
still carried easily through the hush that had settled on the room.

“How can it be worse?” Sabine growled.

“Sir,” Sato went on, “it’s something that we discovered this morning. I never
thought to check for this myself, but Miss Guillaume,” he nodded toward the
back of the room toward Steph, “happened to be doing some video recording of
the artifact, and had the idea of taking some very close-up macro shots. What
she found prompted us to turn a high resolution microscope onto the artifact.
Here are the results of some of the images we took.”

With another click of the remote, a seaside city suddenly sprang into view.
But it wasn’t a typical landscape scene as taken from someone on the ground;
it was as if it had been taken from the air. Oceangoing ships, vehicular
traffic, even large groups of people could clearly be discerned in the video
image. The scene shifted to what was clearly a military facility, with armored
vehicles aligned next to vehicle sheds and rows of barracks nearby. It shifted
again to show a major airport, with aerospace vehicles taking off and landing,
shuttling people and cargo to low orbit.

“Dear mother of God,” Sabine whispered. “Are you telling me that what we’re
seeing here is - was - really happening at the time these images were taken of
the artifact?”

Sato nodded grimly. “Yes, sir. We haven’t confirmed it directly, of course,
because that would require another courier run to Keran for additional data.
But based on our analysis this morning of both the meteorological and ocean
wave data that we were able to compare with the artifact, we believe that what
you are seeing here actually took place, and is not a random simulation of the
activity on the planet.” He paused. “And these images are really limited by
the equipment we had available at the time. I believe that it would be
theoretically possible to go to street level and see the individual people
there as clearly as we see each other around the table here.”

“Anything else to cheer us up with, Sato?” Tiernan sighed. He knew it wasn’t
the boy’s fault, but this was all news that he definitely did not want to
hear.

“Actually, yes, sir, there is some good news.” He clicked the remote again,
clearing the troubling close-ups of Keran from the screen. “As you know, I
believe the artifact is a countdown timer for the invasion.” Several heads
around the table nodded. Very few had been inclined to believe his claim
before, but he saw that much of the doubt about his story had faded quickly in
the last half hour. “It is gradually changing what it shows over time, I
believe morphing from a real-time image to some sort of artificial projection
of what may happen.” A recent view of the artifact showed the smoke from the
northern continent swirling into the polar region, and a variety of ships
orbiting, apparently in combat. “So, using what Miss Guillaume discovered this
morning, we turned our attention to the ships we periodically see passing
across the northern pole of the artifact, as well as to some of the surface
areas that appear to have been attacked. It was very difficult in the short
time we had to do the analysis this morning, so these results must be
considered preliminary, but...”

He clicked again, and suddenly a rakish vessel, what could only have been a
warship, swam into jittery focus. To those in the room who had knowledge of
such things, it clearly was not of any human design. Where human warships,
regardless of the builder, tended to be very utilitarian in nature, made up
largely of basic shapes and sharp angles with a variety of antennas and
weapons arrays poking out into space, this one looked almost like a super-
sized aerospace fighter aircraft. It fired what looked like a brace of
missiles and followed up with a salvo of what appeared to be lasers at a
target that was outside the field of view. “While we’ll need more exact
measurements,” Sato said as his audience sat, transfixed by the scene, “we
believe this particular ship to be roughly on a par in size with our heavy
cruisers. It is nothing close to the size of the ships that attacked _Aurora_.
And from what little we were able to tell this morning, reflected in what you
see here, the weapons this ship is using appear to be roughly similar to those
in general use by human warships.”

“Has this information been turned over to my analysts for further study?”
Vladimir Penkovsky, head of Terran Intelligence, asked pointedly.

Sato opened his mouth to respond, but was cut off by Vice Admiral Mary “Bunny”
Richards, the Commander-in-Chief, Orbital Systems Command. Her command was
responsible for all the orbital platforms like Africa Station, and she was at
the top of Sato’s current command chain. Sato had always wondered if anybody
really ever called her Bunny. He knew that he certainly never would.

Eying Penkovsky with evident distaste, Admiral Richards told him in her
heavily accented native British, “Lieutenant Sato and his team sent a report
out this morning at oh-eight-forty, along with a request for support from
TIA.” TIA was Penkovsky’s Terran Intelligence Agency.

“Listen, Joshua,” Penkovsky told the Defense Minister, “we need better
integration on the intelligence side of this. We’ve been kept at arm’s
length-”

“With all due respect, sir,” Richards interjected. “TIA was invited from the
very beginning to participate in the debriefing and on the analyses of
_Aurora_ , but you declined.”

“Enough,” the Defense Minister held up his hands. “Vlad, we’ll take this up
later off-line. On the one hand you’re right: we do need better integration
between operations and intelligence, particularly in light of these recent
revelations.” He nodded toward the screen, which now showed blurry images of
what appeared to be some sort of assault boats disgorging from a larger
vessel, probably an alien troop carrier, before they plunged toward the
surface. “But let’s count our blessings, people, what few of them we’ve got. I
don’t know if we can accept what we see here as valid - maybe the enemy is
trying to deceive us - but at least we’ve got _something_ to work with, and
that’s where we need to start.” He looked at Sato. “Lieutenant, this is damn
good work.” Turning toward the back of the room, he nodded at Steph. “You,
too, Miss Guillaume.”

Steph smiled her thanks, grateful for the notice.

Sitting back in his chair, Sabine said, “Ladies and gentlemen, I’m going to be
candid here: does anyone _not_ believe that we have a real reason to be
worried? Does anyone still think this is some sort of hoax, and if so, do you
have any plausible story to back it up? I’m not looking for people to hit in
the head, I just want to make sure we’re not overlooking some other plausible
explanation.”

The faces around the table, along with the back-benchers, were uniformly grim.
Those who had come into the presentation scoffing at the whole affair were now
believers. They didn’t even have to believe all of Sato’s story: the evidence
presented today was terrifying enough.

Sabine turned back to Sato. “How much time does Keran have left?”

Sato answered without hesitation. They had confirmed that the progression of
the depiction of war southward across the artifact’s surface was at a constant
rate, and had refined his own original estimates. Unfortunately, the confirmed
rate left them with less time than Sato had originally predicted. “Four
hundred and eighty-three days from today, sir,” he told him. “A little over
sixteen months.”

A lot of heads shook at that number, and Sato heard several groans and curses.
No one in this room had really, truly believed it until then. But seeing an
image of what was clearly an alien ship made it a lot more real than the word
of an emotionally devastated midshipman-turned-lieutenant.

“All right,” Sabine went on, “that’s what we have to work with. Ladies and
gentlemen, I can’t emphasize enough how important it’s going to be to pull
what we can together as fast as possible. This is the president’s number one
priority. We’re probably going to go through some rough changes in how we do
things, so be flexible and remember what’s at stake. Because if they can hit
Keran, they can hit Earth. They proved that with how they sent _Aurora_ back
to us.”

“Which brings up the question of why they even bothered to send you back,”
Penkovsky said, looking at Sato. “Why not just attack out of the blue and wipe
us off the map? Why go to all this trouble of warning us?”

Sabine turned to look at Sato, too, as if the young lieutenant had all the
answers.

“I believe,” he said slowly, “that it is their sense of honor.”

“Explain,” Admiral Tiernan told him.

“I am only speculating, sir. But consider: only the members of the crew who
fought back, or were in a group that collectively fought back, survived the
original boarding attack. I believe the only exception was the engineers
tasked with destroying the computer core, who apparently died fighting. From
what Lieutenant Amundsen said, it sounded as if they forced the Kreelans to
kill them before they could be stunned. But that is only a guess.” He glanced
at Steph, and saw her nod. It didn’t matter how many times he’d thought or
spoken of what happened in the arena, it was still impossible to talk about it
without having to seize firm control of his emotions. “Then those of us who
were herded into the arena faced off against warriors who were clearly chosen
to be roughly equal to ourselves. We were given a choice of weapons, and they
fought without the armor that they normally wore. Petty Officer Yao believed
that it was a test of our character, and everything the aliens did seemed to
be aimed at making the contest as equal as possible.” He nodded toward the
images on the screen, now showing the alien warship again. “The lottery was
also clearly intended to choose one of us to send back, to bear witness to
what happened. I believe that sending the _Aurora_ back tells us that they are
intentionally giving us a chance to prepare. I believe that they _want_ us to
put up a good fight.” He shrugged. “It would have made my job much easier for
them to have left the ship’s sensor and navigational records intact, but
perhaps that was all part of the test of our character, as well.”

“What if we refuse to give them a fight?” Penkovsky mused. “What if they jump
into Keran and are welcomed with open arms?”

“The people on the planet will be slaughtered,” Sato said bluntly, “to the
last man, woman, and child. Just like the Kreelans cut down everyone on
_Aurora_ who didn’t fight back.”

“You have no doubt of that?” Admiral Tiernan asked softly.

“None, sir,” Sato told him, fists clenched at his sides. “I saw enough to
convince me.”

Tiernan nodded sadly. He had known Owen McClaren well, and his death and that
of his crew hit him personally.

“All right, then, people,” Sabine told them. “If the president can get us the
money and the people, we’ve got a fleet to build and a war to prepare for. And
we don’t have much time...”


* Chapter Twelve
Chapter Twelve{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWELVE**

  

“So that’s the best we can do?” President McKenna said quietly as she stood at
the windows of her private office in the Presidential Complex, staring out
over the water toward where the Statue of Liberty still stood. While the
United States technically no longer existed, its constitutional values had
evolved into the foundation for the Terran Government, and Lady Liberty was as
much an icon of the planetary government as she had once been of the nation
for which it had originally been created. But statues would not help defend
Keran or the rest of the human sphere from the Kreelan Empire. “Forty-seven
ships and two heavy ground divisions?”

“Yes, ma’am,” Joshua Sabine told her, feeling ashamed that he had not been
able to do better. But in the time they had been given, and with the
incredibly stiff resistance the president had faced from Congress, he was
amazed they had been able to accomplish that much. “That’s what we’ll be able
to deploy in the expeditionary force, while maintaining roughly two-thirds of
the fleet here. We’ve altered the refit cycle to have nearly one hundred
percent readiness for a three-week window, long enough to find out what
happens at Keran. We could provide a lot more ground troops if the Keran
government would allow us to send them ahead of time, but two divisions is all
we can embark at one time on the carriers without using civilian liners. And
if we have to do that, there’s no way we can deploy those troops in a combat
environment. It’s the same with the aerospace squadrons we’d wanted to send:
there’s simply no way to bring them in under combat conditions. So we settled
for two interceptor squadrons carried on one of the fleet’s support ships,
along with enough logistics support for a month.” He sighed in frustration.
“But they won’t be able to get into the fight unless we can get them down to
the planet. And we can’t do _that_ unless we have permission from the
government or, if the Kreelans do show up, control of the system so we can
protect the support ships as they bring in the interceptors.”

She turned to face him, and once again Sabine was stunned at how much of a
toll the last year had taken on her. Her close-cropped black hair was now
streaked with gray, and her forehead was creased with wrinkles from the
enormous burden she had taken upon her shoulders: literally, the fate of
humanity. A fate that so few still believed involved alien invaders from
across the galaxy, even after the evidence the government had presented from
the _Aurora_ investigation.

But the president did believe it, and she had suffered for her perceived
heresy at the hands of the press and from the Terran Congress. After the
initial sensation of _Aurora’s_ return started to wear off, the public and the
congressmen suddenly paid closer attention to exactly what the president was
asking for, and it didn’t take them long to start screaming bloody murder.
President McKenna had enjoyed an extremely good working relationship with
Congress, but the massive appropriations bill her staff had hammered together
in an amazingly short time was met with shocked disbelief. The sale of war
bonds, tax increases, possible federalization of key industries, and other
measures brought a howl of indignation from the public and their elected
representatives. The president had invited further attacks with an appeal for
a vote to institute a draft that she sent to both houses. The resulting public
uproar plunged her popularity into a tailspin. More than one critic had
commented that had the Terran democratic institutions been based on a
parliamentary system, McKenna would have been kicked out of office in a very
one-sided vote of confidence.

On the diplomatic front, the story was equally bleak. The local diplomats were
completely unsupportive, and the official government positions, delayed by
weeks due to the communications time lag, were the same.

But there was a ray of hope. The one diplomat who took Hamilton Barca’s
entreaties seriously was Ambassador Laurent Navarre from the planet Avignon.
Unlike most of the other ambassadors, Navarre was a former naval officer who
had seen extensive combat during the St. Petersburg intervention, and he had
taken a very keen interest in what had happened with the _Aurora_. After his
initial meeting with Barca, he had taken the bold step of asking to speak
directly with Sato. At Barca’s request, the Navy had quickly provided a secure
vidcom terminal, and Barca sat in Navarre’s office while the French diplomat
bombarded Sato, who at the time was still quarantined on _Aurora_ , with very
pointed questions. Impressed with the young man’s responses, Navarre told
Barca that not only would he recommend that his government support Earth’s
position, but that he would also recommend that Avignon and the other members
of the Francophone Alliance offer to send military assistance to Keran. It was
a huge diplomatic victory, particularly since the Francophone Alliance
represented a major bloc of the human sphere. But it was the only such victory
they had enjoyed.

Now, only six weeks were left before the invasion was to occur. A lot of
people were becoming curious again as the day approached, drawing the populace
away from the general apathy that had replaced the initial surge of reaction
to _Aurora’s_ return. “Are they going to be ready in time?”

Sabine shrugged. “They’ll be as ready as we can make them, Madam President,”
he told her. “Admiral Tiernan has been running them through a tough training
cycle, trying to get the new ships and crews in shape. He’s got a lot of
challenges trying to pull everything together, but everyone’s pushing as hard
as they can. I think the ground forces are fine, as General Singh decided -
wisely, I believe - to take two of our best divisions and tailor them for the
deployment. So if we can get them on the ground, they’ll be ready to go.” He
sighed. “Part of it is that we just don’t know what we’re going to be facing.
For all we know, the Empire could throw a thousand ships at us in the first
wave. Aside from the things we see from the crystal ball…”

That’s what everyone had taken to calling the alien artifact showing Keran,
which had almost completely transformed into a raging world at war.

“...we have absolutely no intelligence information to go on.”

“And the Keran government still hasn’t budged?” McKenna asked.

“No, Madam President,” Hamilton Barca sighed. “I’ve done everything I can
think of, short of wringing bin Sultan’s princely neck to get them to accept
our help, even humanitarian assistance. They simply refuse to allow a Terran
military presence in the system, even a single military vessel.” It wasn’t a
surprise, of course: part of the reason for Keran’s odd mix of Chinese and
Arabic cultures was due to the last round of wars that were fought on Earth
before the Diaspora. The old United States, together with India and Russia,
had been heavily involved on the “opposite side.” The inhabitants of Keran
viewed the Terran Planetary Government, which was largely dominated by
constituencies from the old United States, Russia, and India, with a great
deal of circumspection, if not outright distrust.

“Then how the devil are we supposed to know if the invasion takes place?”

“That, at least, we have covered,” Barca told her, nodding toward Vladimir
Penkovsky.

“We’ve arranged the diplomatic courier shuttle schedule so that there are at
least two courier ships in-system at any given time,” Penkovsky explained,
“with one in orbit and the other transiting in- or out-system. We’ve equipped
all the courier ships with enhanced sensor packages that will augment their
normal navigation and collision-avoidance systems to provide us with data on
what is happening in local space and on the planet itself.” He held up a hand
to forestall the question he saw the president about to ask. “No, Madam
President, none of the equipment is classified or in any way compromises the
diplomatic integrity of the couriers in the unlikely event one of them should
be examined. Everything is off-the-shelf and commercially available. The
upgraded systems will not provide information as detailed as we could get from
our military systems, but it will be close.”

McKenna nodded, satisfied. The last thing she needed now was a major
diplomatic incident with the Keran government. “What about the French?” she
asked.

Barca smiled. When she said _French_ , she meant the Francophone Alliance.
Like virtually all the major nation-states since the formation of the Terran
Planetary Government, the country once known as France still existed as an
administrative entity. But in Terran Government circles, “France” referred to
the group of worlds settled by refugees from France, Belgium, their former
African colonies, and even some of the _Quebecois_ from Canada, during the
Diaspora. Unlike some of the other worlds that were settled during that
period, they had benefitted from amazing luck in colonizing Avignon, La Seyne,
and several other planets that were very compatible with humans and were rich
in natural resources. Collectively they had become one of the major economic
and military forces in the human sphere, and generally shared common interests
with Earth. Fortunately, the Francophone Alliance also enjoyed very good
relations with Keran that weren’t tainted by unpleasantness from the past.
“That’s still our best news,” Barca told her, “although it has its warts, too.
The Alliance is preparing to deploy roughly one hundred warships to Keran,
along with ten ground divisions. Ambassador Navarre indicated that the only
real sticking point was the ground forces: the Keran Government is only going
to allow them to deploy a single division planetside until or unless the enemy
fleet actually materializes. The Kerans still don’t think there’s anything to
worry about, and while they don’t mind having a bunch of French warships in
orbit, they don’t want three full heavy corps of troops running amok on the
streets.”

“But the French don’t have enough carriers to get their divisions deployed
quickly from orbit,” Sabine pointed out, incredulous. “Are they just going to
hold the troops on starliners until the attack comes and then shuttle them
down?” Barca nodded, shrugging. “Good, God,” Sabine said, rolling his eyes,
“they’re going to be sitting ducks!”

“They don’t have any choice,” Barca pointed out. “Believe me, Navarre wasn’t
happy with the plan when he heard about it, either. But the Alliance approved
it, so that’s what they’re going with.”

“So which division are they allowing the French to land ahead of time?” the
president asked.

“They’re deploying the entire combat contingent of the Foreign Legion,” Barca
told her, “which is technically a division-plus. They’re sending all twenty
field infantry regiments, plus the Legion’s independent armored brigade.
Navarre said the decision is already raising hell with peacekeeping operations
where they had to pull out some of the regiments, but they did it anyway.”

Sabine grunted. “The Keran government would have been better off letting them
deploy the other nine divisions and keep the legionnaires in orbit if they
were worried about troops getting wild on the ground,” he said. “On the other
hand, they’re a bunch of tough bastards. Good call. But they won’t have any
heavy artillery support outside of the armored brigade.”

“So,” the president asked, “what major problems do we have left, aside from
the obvious ones.”

“Command and control,” Sabine said immediately. “We’ve been talking to the
French about inter-operability, but we’ve gotten an ice-cold shoulder.” The
president gave him _the look_ , the one where she seemed to promise that she’d
rip the heart out of someone’s chest if he or she hadn’t been giving something
their all. “Ma’am,” Sabine said, leaning forward to emphasize his point, “we
even offered to give them a set of our systems to look over and modify - no
questions asked! - to be compatible with theirs so our ships and ground troops
can communicate effectively. But they’re so paranoid about their system
security that they simply won’t do it. They refused to even take the equipment
and software that we offered them, even to just look at it.”

“So when the attack comes and our ships jump in to assist,” she asked him, a
look of pained incredulity on her face, “they won’t be able to communicate
with the French fleet?”

“No, Madam President,” Sabine told her grimly. “Aside from the normal basic
communications that all ships have, we’ll have no way of integrating our
battle management capabilities. The ships will be able to talk to each other
with normal voice and video, but other than that both fleets will be fighting
completely on their own...”

* * *

Aboard the recently commissioned destroyer _TNS Owen D. McClaren_ , Lieutenant
Ichiro Sato found himself far more worried about the survival of his own ship
in the current fleet exercise than the strategic concerns guiding the
president’s cabinet discussion. What troubled him wasn’t the complex targeting
and maneuvering problems the exercise controllers were throwing at the ships.
It was the ship’s captain.

“ _Goddammit, Sato!_ ” Commander Scott Morrison, the ship’s captain, cursed,
making half the bridge crew cringe. Glaring at his young tactical officer, he
practically sneered, “I ordered you to fire on target Delta with the pulse
cannon. Are you deaf or just incompetent?”

“Sir,” Sato said, trying not to grit his teeth, “as I explained to you
earlier, the pulse cannon has a thirty second recycle rate under optimal
conditions.” The pulse cannon was a highly modified laser that was mounted in
the ship’s keel. It could deliver a massive punch, but the entire ship had to
be aligned on the target, and it took virtually all of the ship’s energy
reserves to fire. It was a powerful weapon, but had some serious tactical
drawbacks. The _McClaren_ was one of only two of the expeditionary force’s
ships that had been built with one. “You had already ordered a laser salvo
against targets Alpha and Bravo, which depleted the energy buffers. Every time
that happens, the recycle sequence for the pulse cannon resets-”

“Enough,” Morrison snapped, waving his hand dismissively as he turned back to
the primary bridge display. “The bottom line is you fucked up.”

“Sir, I-”

“I said that’s enough,” the captain hissed. Getting out of his combat chair,
which was strictly prohibited during exercises except for safety reasons, he
stalked over to Sato’s position. Pointing a finger in Sato’s face, he went on,
“The reason - the _only_ reason - you are on this ship, mister, is because you
managed to stuff your head up Admiral Tiernan’s ass so far that you could look
out his ears. All I ask from you, if it’s not too much, is that you just sit
there, keep your bloody mouth shut, and _do your fucking job!_ ” He paused,
staring at Sato and clearly expecting the younger man to cave in. Tall but
still gangly even in early middle age, Morrison normally towered over Sato.
But now the captain’s face, which could only be described as grossly ordinary,
was a mere hand’s breadth from Sato’s nose. “Do I make myself clear?”

“Perfectly, captain,” Sato replied stonily, his gaze unwavering, although his
hands were digging into his armrests. He wasn’t intimidated; he was disgusted
and heartsick that such an awful man had been given command of one of the few
ships humanity had to send against what Sato knew must be heading toward Keran
even now. And it was an insult that someone like Morrison had been given
command of the ship that bore Captain McClaren’s name.

Sato had only come aboard two weeks earlier as the ship was finishing up her
initial space trials, and had been immediately appalled by the state of the
crew: sullen and quiet, the various departments of the ship in fierce
competition to avoid the captain’s ire. Morrison had effectively cowed all of
the officers, including the exec, except for the chief engineer, Lieutenant
Commander Vedette Pergolesi. But while Pergolesi stood as a human heat shield
between the captain and the crewmen of the engineering department, the rest of
the crew had to fend for themselves. After having their hides flayed a few
times after he’d come aboard, even the senior chiefs stayed out of the path of
the captain’s vitriol. Most of them had seen his type before and kept their
distance as much as possible. And that, as much as anything else, was
devastating for the crew.

“We’ve just been hit by a brace of kinetics,” the XO said in a matter-of-fact
voice. While Morrison had been berating Sato, an enemy ship had fired the
equivalent of giant shotgun shells at them. Since no one else on the bridge
was about to interrupt his tirade to ask for maneuvering orders, or take the
initiative to change the ship’s course and avoid the incoming projectiles, the
exercise computer declared five hits along the length of the hull.

“ _Goddammit!_ ” Morrison cried disgustedly, stomping back to his command
chair.

“And the captain has been declared a casualty because he wasn’t in his combat
chair,” the XO added meekly, waiting for the spontaneous human combustion that
he knew would result.

Morrison didn’t disappoint him.

“Incoming from Commodore Santiago, sir,” the communications rating announced
in the middle of the captain’s impressive stream of invective. Her voice was
perfectly neutral, but Sato had no trouble identifying the underlying tone of
vicious glee.

Morrison threw himself into his chair and snapped, “On my console.” Sato knew
that normally the captain took any calls from senior officers in private in
his ready room adjacent to the bridge, but he couldn’t get away with that in
an exercise, especially since he’d just become a casualty for being out of his
command chair. Even on the small console screen that was embedded in the
chair, the entire bridge crew would be able to hear the admiral, even if they
couldn’t see his expression. All exercise communications were recorded for
later analysis during the debriefing and lessons-learned discussions, and no
one had any doubt that the recording of this particular discussion would make
its way to the entire crew.

“Scott,” Commodore Rafael Santiago, who commanded the flotilla to which
_McClaren_ was assigned, appeared on the vidcom and demanded, “what the devil
is going on over there?”

“My apologies, sir,” Morrison answered evenly. “We’re having some difficulties
adapting the pulse cannon to our tactics. It’s playing hell with our energy
buffer allocation, and our tactical officer lost the shot on target Charlie. I
was trying to get that sorted out when the kinetic attack came in, but the XO
failed to maneuver clear.” He put a sympathetic but determined look on his
face. “We’ve only had a couple weeks to hammer this crew together, commodore.
We’re not as tightly integrated yet as the other ships.” _McClaren_ was the
only newly-launched ship in Santiago’s flotilla; the other five ships had
captains and crews that had served together for more than a year.

Santiago frowned. “I realize that, Scott,” he sighed. “And training is where
we’re supposed to make our mistakes. Let’s just make sure we all learn from
them, because we won’t get a second chance at this.”

“Aye, aye, sir,” Morrison replied, resolution evident in his voice. “We won’t
let you down.”

“Good enough,” Santiago said. “Carry on.” The screen went blank.

* * *

Sato and some of the other junior officers from _McClaren_ sat around the
table at the back of Nightingale’s, one of Africa Station’s less reputable
bars, enjoying their last bit of off-ship time before the expeditionary force
prepared to deploy. While open twenty-four hours a day, the bar’s schedule was
really slaved to Universal Standard Time, which was now sixteen-hundred.
Before the dinner hour the bar was fairly quiet and not too crowded, but
business would pick up soon, with raucous music blaring over the bodies packed
onto the dance floor and seated at the surrounding tables.

“We’re fucked,” Ensign Kayla Watanabe sighed. She was the ship’s junior
navigation officer, and had more than once been on the receiving end of a
rebuke from her captain for things that weren’t her fault. That didn’t bother
her so much; she could take the tongue lashings. What she couldn’t take was
the certain knowledge that their ship couldn’t fight worth a damn.

Heads around the table nodded glumly. They had managed to do better during the
rest of the exercise, but Sato attributed that to luck as much as anything
else. Commodore Santiago had positioned _McClaren_ in a support role during
the following engagements, giving the other ships the lead in the flotilla’s
attacks while _McClaren_ cleaned up the scraps. The ship had managed to
survive, but the entire crew felt humiliated.

“What do you think, Sato?” Watanabe asked. “Are we going to get our asses
reamed by the Kreelans?” In unison, the others turned to him, dejected, but
eager to hear what he had to say.

It was odd, Sato thought, that here he was, again the youngest and least
experienced officer on the ship, much as he had been on the _Aurora_ as a
midshipman. Yet, they were looking to him for an answer, for leadership. It
was true that he outranked most of those around the table, but there was more
to it than that. He was the only one aside from Pergolesi, the chief of
engineering, who continued to stand up to the captain. Even during the shit-
storm of their after-action review, when the captain had found fault with
virtually every one of his officers, Sato had stood firm and said what needed
to be said about his perceptions of the crew’s performance - both the things
they had done well, and those they hadn’t - respectfully but firmly. _For the
record, if nothing else_ , he’d thought at the time. He had absorbed a lot of
abuse from the captain after making contradictory observations on the actions
of some of the other members of the bridge crew. It had been incredibly
difficult to not spell out all the captain’s mistakes, but he knew that
wouldn’t help. There was no way the commodore would replace Morrison at this
late date unless he made some sort of flagrant violation, and the captain was
too savvy for that. As with his conversation with the commodore during the
exercise, he was an expert at taking just enough blame to make himself look
responsible, while shoving the bulk of it off on the alleged inadequacies of
his junior officers.

Sighing, Sato looked around the table at their expectant faces, the faces of
people he’d only known for a couple weeks, but on whom his life would depend
in the coming battle. He wished he had some good news for them, some way to
give them some confidence. “Look,” he told them, “I’ll be honest and say that
I don’t think the expeditionary force is going to be nearly enough to stop
them when they come, even if we had the best captain in the fleet. I don’t
think the Kreelans will be using ships like the ones that attacked _Aurora_ ,
but they don’t have to. Somehow they’re going to level the playing field with
us, but...” He shook his head. “I think Keran is going to be a much bigger
version of the arena that my old crew fought and died in. I don’t think
they’re going to let us win this battle.”

“So all this is for nothing?” one of the others asked, disgusted. “We just go
out there and get our asses kicked by an enemy we can’t touch?”

“No,” Sato replied forcefully. “That’s not what I meant. I don’t think we’ll
be able to save Keran from whatever the aliens plan to do. But I do think that
they’re going to give us a chance to show them what we’re made of. I think if
we fight hard and well, we’ll buy humanity extra time to build its defenses.
If we don’t...” He shook his head. “If we don’t meet their expectations, I
believe they could wipe us from the universe without even trying.”

“But what the hell do we do about Captain-fucking-Queeg?” someone asked.

“Nothing,” Sato sighed in resignation. “The only thing we can do is our very
best as individuals, and to try and work hard as a team. The captain’s used to
playing the department heads against each other, instead of having them work
together.” It was common knowledge that very few officers aboard a ship would
ever qualify for command in what was a relatively small fleet. So the
competition for top ratings on their first ship tour was critical: only the
officers in the top one or two slots stood a chance at ever earning command
wings. And the way most captains accomplished this winnowing of their junior
officers was to pit them against each other, promoting those who wound up with
the fewest marks against them. It was generally a divisive and corrosive way
to run a ship, but only a few captains, such as Ichiro’s old skipper, Owen
McClaren, saw beyond it to cultivate a close sense of teamwork, basing officer
evaluations primarily on how well they worked with one another. Almost all of
McClaren’s former junior officers qualified for command later in their
careers, and Ichiro knew that the Navy was very shortly going to wish it had a
great many more command qualified officers. “So,” Ichiro went on, “we’ve _got_
to do our best to work together. Forget all the career advancement garbage.
That’s not going to mean a thing if we get vaporized a few weeks from now.”

Everyone agreed with that: what was the point of coming out in the top one or
two position on your ratings when you were dead?

Sato picked up his glass and drained it, savoring the cold tea. Unlike the
others, he didn’t drink alcohol. “Okay, I’ve got to go.” Standing up, he said,
“I’ll see you all back aboard tomorrow morning.”

Watching Sato leave, Watanabe remarked, “Well, maybe when we go into combat
the first time, the captain will forget to stay in his chair...”

* * *

Ichiro was covered in a fine sheen of sweat as he went through the various
_katas_ he had been taught, the movements to attack and defend with the
_katana_. It had become an obsession, and the closest thing he had now to
religion.

One of the first things he had done to fill up what little free time he had
after being released from quarantine aboard the _Aurora_ was to seek out a
_sensei_ to teach him how to use his grandfather’s weapon. It was a difficult
task for two reasons: he had no idea even where to look for someone with the
right skills, and among those he found very few were really willing to offer
what he truly wanted: a crash-course in how to kill with a sword. He wasn’t
interested in the finer points of swordsmanship, because he knew that he would
never make a great, or probably even good, swordsman: that process took many
years, and he only had a little over one year to learn what he could. The
teachers he spoke to didn’t understand that he didn’t want to learn for sport
or for some higher personal purpose. He wanted to learn how to kill.

Then one day a man appeared at the door of his cabin on Africa Station. When
Sato opened the door, the man, who was of Japanese descent, bowed and then
gestured for Sato to go with him. The man refused to say a word. Frustrated by
the man’s bizarre behavior, Sato was nonetheless curious and decided to follow
him. The man took him to the station’s sports complex, where they entered one
of the many exercise rooms. It was empty except for two items: a pair of
wooden swords, _bokken_ , that lay in the center of the floor.

The man, who Sato judged to be in his late fifties, knelt gracefully on one
side of the two _bokken_. Sato, shrugging, knelt opposite him. Giving in to
ingrained habit from his childhood, he lowered himself to the floor in a deep
bow, and the older man did the same. Then he handed Sato one of the _bokken_ ,
and wordlessly began to teach him how to use it.

The scene repeated itself every day that Sato was on the station. Regardless
of whether he was there early or late in the day, the old man magically
appeared on his doorstep. Sato had tried everything he could think of to get
some sort of information from him about who he was and what he was doing
there, beyond the obvious of teaching Sato swordsmanship, but the old man
calmly ignored him and simply got down to business as soon as they arrived at
their designated workout room. Sato tried to find out who scheduled the room,
but in every single case, it was listed as open. He tried finding out who the
man was from the shuttle transit services, but they couldn’t release passenger
information, and even Steph couldn’t dig her way to the bottom of it. It was
maddening.

But aside from the strange circumstances, Sato could clearly see that the man,
his silent _sensei_ , knew what he was doing. The many hours they spent
together were hard and challenging, and more than once Sato went back to his
quarters sporting a number of welts where the _sensei_ had underscored some of
Sato’s shortcomings. But that only made Sato want to train harder, because he
knew that if his teacher had been a Kreelan wielding a real sword, Sato
wouldn’t just be bruised, he’d be dead.

After about eight months, they began to train with real _katanas_ , but with
their edges blunted. Sato knew that he didn’t have the refinement or overall
abilities of someone who had trained for years, but he now had confidence that
he could fight. He knew that he would lose against a Kreelan warrior who had
probably been trained since birth for combat, but he would never again be
completely helpless as he had been in the arena aboard the Kreelan warship,
seemingly so long ago.

Then, two weeks ago, his _sensei_ suddenly stopped coming. Sato was worried
that something had happened to the man - he still didn’t even know his name -
until a package arrived. It was a tube about fifty centimeters long and maybe
fifteen in diameter. Carefully opening it, he was stunned at the contents: a
_wakizashi_ , the shorter companion sword that samurai warriors traditionally
carried with the longer _katana_. But this wasn’t just any _wakizashi_. It was
the companion to his grandfather’s sword.

Wrapped inside the tube was a brief handwritten note in flowing Japanese
characters:

__  

_I regret the odd circumstances of our relationship, young Ichiro. But after
your journalist friend sent word to Nagano of your adventures and mentioned
your wish to learn the ways of the sword, your mother sent me. She swore me to
silence, for she did not wish your father to find out for fear he might
somehow learn what your mother had done. He is a most unworthy man, unlike his
son._

_She knew me through your grandfather, you see, who was an honored friend, and
my_ sensei _long ago. She wanted you to have this, your grandfather’s_
wakizashi _, when you completed the training I could give you. Your father had
spitefully hidden it before you left home, but your mother found it again soon
after, and kept it safe since then. _

_You are a fine young man, Ichiro. Your mother is so very proud of you, as
would be your honored grandfather._

__  

_\- Rai Tomonaga_

__  

It was a revelation for which Ichiro was totally unprepared. He simply sat in
his quarters for most of that evening, staring at the note and the short sword
that had come with it. Finally, he spent the next few hours, well into the
night, composing a note to his mother, the first he had sent since he had left
home.

Now, on his last free evening station-side, he had spent a full two hours
practicing the moves Tomonaga had taught him when the door chime rang. Then he
heard the door open. Only one person had his access code. Steph.

“Hey, kid,” she called to him as she came in, the door automatically swishing
closed behind her. She always called him that when they were alone, although
she was only ten years older.

Steph leaned against the wall near the door, watching as Ichiro went through
the remainder of a ballet of lethal moves with his grandfather’s sword. Bare
above the waist, the muscles of his upper body rippled as he slashed and
thrust with the glittering weapon, and she marveled at how hard and chiseled
his body had become. He hadn’t exactly been in bad shape physically when she’d
first met him on the _Aurora_ , but he had totally transformed himself in the
last year with the help of the mysterious Tomonaga-san. _Admit it, woman_ ,
she chided herself, trying to look away but failing, _he’s goddamn beautiful_.

After a few more moves, Ichiro sheathed the sword, making even that move
graceful and deadly-looking. Holding the _katana_ in both hands, he bowed his
head to it, then carefully placed it on a small wooden stand that held the
matched pair of swords.

“It’s too bad the Navy didn’t take you up on your suggestion to make close
combat training and swordsmanship mandatory,” she sighed. “Then they’d all be
hunks like you.”

Ichiro grinned at her as he toweled off the sweat. “Don’t you wish,” he
quipped. “So, what’s going on?”

She folded her arms at him and gave him a look that he knew from experience
meant that he’d just said something incredibly stupid. “Gee, I don’t know,”
she told him, stepping up to take the towel to rub down his back. “Maybe
this’ll be the last time I see you before you deploy, you moron.” She paused,
then added, “Although maybe I’ll get to see you while you’re on station at the
rendezvous point.”

Ichiro whipped around and took her wrists, not altogether gently. “What?” he
exclaimed. “I thought you were staying back here to cover the president.”

Steph’s career had taken off into the stratosphere after her coverage of the
_Aurora_ , and she had been able to pick any assignment she’d wanted. She’d
chosen a lead position on the press team that covered the president, and
hadn’t been disappointed by the massive battle that had been waged in the
following months between the executive and legislative branches. While the
fighting had only been waged in words and manipulation of governmental
processes, it had been as fierce in its own way as men and women grappling on
a battlefield.

“I know, Ichiro,” she told him, reaching her hands up to touch his face, his
own hands still wrapped around her wrists. “But I asked for an embed position
in the expeditionary force. That’s where the action’s going to be, and I want
to be in the middle of it.”

“Stephanie,” he nearly choked, looking as if he’d been sucker-punched, “you
mustn’t go. Please.” He had never called her by her full name since she had
told him she went by Steph.

She smiled up at him. “Trying to be Mister Chivalrous, are you?” she told him
gently. “Listen, I know how to take care of myself.” She moved closer, her
nose almost touching his. “You don’t have to worry about me.”

“Most of us won’t be coming back, Steph,” he whispered, his dark almond eyes
glittering. “Maybe none of us. I don’t want...I don’t want anything to happen
to you.”

“Nothing will,” she whispered before bringing her lips to his. For just a
moment, he didn’t react. They had always been “just friends,” never thinking
that their relationship would ever be anything more. Then he returned her
kiss, tentatively at first, and then with growing passion. When Steph felt his
powerful arms wrap around her, drawing her body tight against his, a wave of
heat rushed through her core. Suddenly, she wished that they’d done this a
long time ago.

Without another word, Ichiro effortlessly picked her up and carried her to the
bedroom.


* Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Thirteen{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER THIRTEEN**

  

Communications between ships, like everything else that was taken for granted
in the normal universe, was impossible in hyperspace. But Tesh-Dar needed no
machines to communicate with the warriors and shipmistresses of the fleet that
now approached the end of the voyage to the human world of Keran. Distance and
space were immaterial to the Bloodsong that linked her with the billions of
her sisters and to the Empress. It was not the same as the spoken word, but
Her will was clear. War was upon them.

Tesh-Dar thought back to the time before her fleet was launched, to the
gathering of the warrior priestesses and mistresses of the guilds and castes
on the Empress Moon. Orbiting above the Homeworld, the Empress Moon was the
home of the Imperial City and dwelling place of the Empress, a physical
monument to Her power. In the heart of the city lay the Great Tower, atop
which was the throne room. Kilometers high in terms of human measure, the
Great Tower was thousands of years beyond anything humans could build, yet it
had been created by Kreelan hands untold centuries before. The throne room
itself surpassed any human’s imagination of magnificence: larger than all the
palaces ever built by humankind and enclosed in a pyramidal ceiling of
diamond-hard crystal, the room itself was a breathless work of art with giant
frescoes and tapestries telling the great tale of the First Empress and the
Unification.

This gathering was the first of its kind in many great cycles of the Empress
Moon about the Homeworld, for this was one of the rare events that affected
the entire race of _Kreela_. Upon the hundreds of steps to the great throne
stood representatives of all the castes of Her Children, from the lowliest
bearers of water to Tesh-Dar herself, greatest of the Empire’s warriors. It
was a trek the Empress made, from step to step, taking into account the needs
of each and every caste, of all of Her Children from the lowliest to the
mighty.

On this special day, She sat upon the throne as Her Children knelt before Her,
Tesh-Dar foremost among them, kneeling upon the first step from the throne.

“My Children,” the Empress began, Her voice carrying clearly across the great
expanse of the throne room to the multitudes who knelt below, the crews and
warriors of the ships that were about to go into battle against the humans,
“today is a day that long shall be remembered in the Books of Time. For once
again we have found a race worthy of our mettle, an alien species that in
flesh is like us in many ways, but is yet soulless. Make their blood burn, My
Children, in the fires of war. For if their blood sings to us, they may be
saved. If it does not, then let them perish as animals without knowing the
light or the love that awaits us among the Ancient Ones.

“You are led this day,” the Empress went on, “by Tesh-Dar, high priestess of
the Desh-Ka and a living legend of the sword. Thrill to the song of her blood
in battle, My Children, and great honor shall be yours.” She paused, and Tesh-
Dar could feel a warm wind stir in her soul as the Empress said, “So has it
been, so shall it forever be. Let the Challenge begin.”

“In Thy name, let it be so,” Tesh-Dar echoed along with the thousands below
her.

Returning her thoughts to the present, Tesh-Dar watched the globe of the human
world they sought in a twin of the energy capsule they had sent back with the
Messenger. On and above the surface of the planet, fierce battles raged, a
simulacrum of what was to begin only moments from now. The great priestess sat
in her command chair, her talons scoring the metal of one of the armrests as
she absently drummed her fingers on it. She had no idea what awaited them in
the system, and her body tingled with eager anticipation at what they might
find. Had her instincts been right, and the Messenger well-chosen? Did a war
fleet await them, or would these _humans_ succumb to utter obliteration
because they refused to rise to battle?

She was not concerned about dying or even her entire fleet being destroyed, as
long as it was lost in battle against a worthy adversary. For that would
accomplish what she and her sisters lived and died for: to honor their Empress
in battle. In the millennia-long interludes when they had no external enemies
to fight, Her Children sought honor through combat in the multitude of arenas
throughout the Empire, in ritual battles that were rarely fought to the death.

That was why this contest brought such a sense of excitement to Tesh-Dar and
the warriors she led: this was not simply a ritual contest, but truly _war_.
She could imagine no more terrible, no more glorious pursuit, and her blood
raged with expectant fire.

Holding her breath in anticipation, she watched as the globe of the human
world quickly began to darken...

* * *

What to do with the artifact had sparked a long and fierce debate throughout
the Terran defense community, all the way up to the president. Some had wanted
to keep it in Earth space, both to study and to use as an indicator of the
progress of the battle in hopes that what would be reflected on the globe
after the attack began would show what was really happening, and thus provide
real-time intelligence. Others argued that it would make more sense for the
expeditionary force to have the artifact for the very same reasons.

The decision had eventually wound up on the president’s desk. She took less
than thirty seconds to decide. “Send it with the fleet,” she ordered as
commander-in-chief. “If it provides any sort of warning, they’ll need it a lot
more than we will. It won’t do us any good when it would take us a week and a
half to get ships there. Assuming we had any more to send.”

Once that had been determined, others raised concerns about whether it was a
bomb. But after a great deal of discussion that essentially went nowhere,
Admiral Tiernan decided that if it had been some sort of weapon, the Kreelans
could have used it to good effect long before. He ordered that a special
instrumentation enclosure be built aboard the flagship to record any emissions
or changes in the artifact, and a close watch had been kept every moment since
the fleet had jumped from Earth space.

The fleet had gathered at a point that was a two-hour hyperspace jump from
Keran. That was as close as they felt they could come without alerting the
colony or the French fleet in-system and creating a diplomatic mess. The Keran
and French governments knew, of course, that the Terran expeditionary force
had left Earth space, but as long as it stayed clear of the Keran system, no
one was likely to complain too loudly.

Admiral Tiernan was now on the flag bridge of the heavy cruiser _Ticonderoga_.
The flag bridge was a special compartment, separate from the ship’s bridge,
that had all the systems his staff needed to help him control the fleet’s
operations.

“What the hell?” someone yelped “Something’s happening!”

Tiernan snapped his head up to look at the three-dimensional image of the
alien orb that was being projected on one of the flag bridge view screens. The
globe was quickly darkening, the scene of a world at war being swallowed by
infinite black. Then it started to shrink. But it didn’t appear to be just
getting smaller. It looked more like it was moving away from them. Tiernan
thought it was a trick of the view screen display, but wasn’t sure.

“What’s happening to it?” He asked one of the battery of scientists who had
been monitoring the artifact.

“Admiral...” the lead scientist replied, then paused as he conferred with the
others. “Sir, this is impossible...”

“Dammit, man, what’s happening?”

“It’s moving away from us, sir,” the man said, shaking his head. In the view
screen, the globe was now the relative size of a marble, and growing smaller
by the second. “It can’t be doing what the instruments are saying,” he said,
looking up at Tiernan with a helpless expression, “but it is. And it’s
accelerating-”

“Damn!” someone in the background shouted as a thunderous boom echoed from the
instrumentation chamber.

“What was that?” _Ticonderoga’s_ captain interjected worriedly. “Did that
thing explode?” The ship’s executive officer was already moving a damage
control party in. They weren’t taking any chances on something that, even
after all this time, was still a complete unknown.

“No...” the scientist said, shaken. “That was a sonic boom from within the
chamber from displaced air. The globe just...vanished.”

* * *

_Amiral_ Jean-Claude Lefevre stood in a moment of tense quiet on the flag
bridge of the heavy cruiser _Victorieuse,_ the flagship of the _Alliance
Française_ fleet that had been deployed to Keran. Because of the prevailing
political conditions, the deployment had been conducted under the guise of
joint exercises with the Keran Navy, although everyone knew the cover
explanation was a farce. Lefevre twisted his mouth into an ironic grin: any
one of his five squadrons, with a total of one hundred and fifty-three naval
vessels, was larger than the entire Keran fleet in terms of tonnage. And when
one considered that most of the Keran ships were small corvettes with little
real combat capability, the “joint” label became rather ludicrous.
Nonetheless, the Alliance had taken the Terran information of an alien threat
seriously, and Lefevre was trying to do the same.

Unfortunately, he was terribly frustrated by the total lack of intelligence
information. His government believed the possibility of an alien attack was
credible, as difficult as he himself found it to believe. But he had no idea
of what size force he might be facing, where they might appear in the system,
or even what their objective might be, other than the occupation of Keran. And
if any of the information he had received about the enemy’s technical
capabilities were true, his ships would be so grossly outclassed that the
presence of his fleet, the largest assembled since the St. Petersburg war,
would be little more than a token gesture of defiance.

The only concrete information he had was when the attack was to take place.
The Terrans had some sort of device that they believed was a countdown timer,
an artifact from these so-called “Kreelans.” Terran military authorities
provided Avignon’s military attaché on Earth with a digital countdown timer
that would approximate the time left, calibrated to the changes shown by the
alien device. The time remaining on that digital timer was displayed on every
bridge in the Alliance fleet, and he now watched it closely as it wound down
to zero.

“Thirty seconds,” his flag captain said quietly into the mounting tension on
the flag bridge. All the ships of the fleet had been at general quarters for
the last two hours, as no one was sure how accurate the timer might be.
Lefevre’s mouth compressed into a thin line as he stared at the flag bridge
tactical display that showed the disposition of his ships. Without having any
idea of what the enemy planned or was capable of, his tactical options were
very limited. He didn’t want to put his ships in low orbit, deep inside
Keran’s gravity well, because even with reactionless drives gravity was a
source of drag on a ship’s acceleration potential: ships farther away from the
planet were subject to far less gravity influence and had a tactical advantage
when maneuvering. But he also couldn’t put his ships too far out from the
planet, or they might not be able to respond rapidly in case the enemy was
planning on an orbital bombardment rather than an assault on the surface with
ground forces. Having no information about their intentions and capabilities
was maddening.

So he had been forced to compromise. He had divided his fleet into five task
forces and placed them around the planet in high orbit to cover the most
important population centers on the surface. In low orbit were twenty-four
civilian starliners, each carrying a heavy combat brigade and tended by dozens
of shuttles that would get the troops down to the surface as quickly as
possible if he received permission to deploy them. A flotilla of six
destroyers was tasked with protecting the starliners, forming a protective
globe around the formation of huge civilian vessels.

“Fifteen seconds,” the flag captain breathed. Lefevre shot the man a look,
more bemused than annoyed, and his flag captain rewarded him with a sheepish
grin. None of them wanted to believe anything was going to happen, but the
Alliance was deeply worried, or they would not have been willing to absorb the
enormous cost of deploying this many ships here. Lefevre watched as the timer
counted down: _three...two...one..._

“Zero,” he said to himself. “ _Capitaine_ Monet,” he said into a comms screen
to the ship’s captain who stood tensely on the ship’s bridge, “there are no
changes in sensor readings, I assume?”

“ _Non, mon amiral_ ,” he replied. “Nothing but merchant traffic coming into
the normal inbound jump zones. Three ships in the last two hours.”

Lefevre sighed. _All a wild goose chase_ , he thought. _But it’s just as
well_. “Very well,” he said. “We will remain at general quarters for another
two hours, then resume our planned training-”

“ _Amiral!_ ” the flag captain shouted, pointing at the flag bridge tactical
display. The ships of the fleet were tied together in a data net, with the
sensor readings and targeting data from each ship automatically distributed to
the others to maximize situational awareness and coordinate their attacks. One
of the task forces on the far side of the planet had picked up a set of bogies
- unidentified contacts, presumed hostile - jumping in.

Lefevre looked up at the display and paled at what he saw. “ _Oh, mon Dieu..._
”

* * *

Aboard the two-person Terran _Hermes_ class diplomatic courier ship _Alita_ ,
pilot Amelia Cartwright was just settling down to a delicious dinner of
reprocessed steak and potatoes from a foil packet when her copilot, Sid
Dougherty, suddenly stiffened like he’d been hit with about ten thousand
volts. They were on the modified courier run that had been established a
number of weeks before, where at least one courier ship was in orbit and one
was in transit at all times. _Alita_ had just arrived the previous day, where
she was supposed to remain for a week until their relief arrived.

“Sid?” she asked, then turned to see what he was staring at. On the monitor
that had been installed a few weeks before as part of the ship’s
instrumentation upgrade, a wave of red icons had suddenly materialized roughly
half a million kilometers from Keran. Inbound enemy ships.

“Shit!” she exclaimed, tossing her food onto the deck and strapping herself
in. “Come on, Sid! Get on the departure checklist and let’s get the hell out
of here.” They should be able to get underway in only a couple of minutes. She
only hoped they had that long.

“Got it,” Sid replied, tearing his eyes away from the screen. A tall, lanky
Texan who always insisted on wearing a ridiculous-looking cowboy hat, she had
never seen him rattled before. “Damn,” he drawled as he quickly punched up the
remaining pre-flight checks, “I just never believed this would happen. Look at
all those bastards! There must be two hundred ships!”

“Keran control,” Cartwright called over the planetary navigation network,
“this is Terran diplomatic courier ship _Alita_ , requesting emergency
departure clearance, outbound vector radial three-five-one mark zero.” The
ship’s computer was also sending the information in a more detailed format to
its counterpart at Keran control, but it was longstanding tradition to
establish positive human-to-human contact, as well.

“ _Alita_ , this is Keran control,” a heavily accented but very pleasant voice
replied immediately. “Please hold current position. Alliance fleet elements
are on exercise in your sector, and have requested all vessels to remain
clear. We will notify you immediately when we can grant departure clearance.”

Sid glanced at her and shook his head. _No goddamn way_ , he mouthed silently.

Cartwright paused for just a moment. In the fifteen years that she had been in
the diplomatic courier service, she had never once disobeyed a controller. But
this time she had no choice: her orders were very explicit, and they were
signed by the Secretary of State himself. “Negative, Keran control,” she said
as Sid completed the last of the checklist items and gave her the thumbs-up
that the ship was ready. She took the controls and poured power to the massive
engines, breaking out of her assigned orbital position for open space. “My
sincere apologies, but we have to depart immediately. Please inform the
Alliance fleet that we’re an outbound friendly. They have enough targets to
worry about without wasting munitions on us.”

She broke off the connection before the controller could reply. “Get me the
ambassador,” she told Sid.

“Already done,” he told her, nodding to a secondary view screen on the
console, where the face of a regal-looking older woman calmly looked out at
them.

“Madam Ambassador,” Cartwright said formally, “this is _Alita_. Be advised
that a Kreelan fleet has - repeat, _has_ \- arrived in-system, and Alliance
fleet units are maneuvering to engage. As you know, we have orders to jump out
immediately. You should be receiving a download of all the data that we get
until we jump, and if you have any last-minute information you want to send
out with us, I request you transmit it immediately.”

“Thank you, _Alita_ ,” Ambassador Irina Pugachova replied. “Our final
communiques are being uploaded as we speak, and I thank you for the sensor
data. I have instructed our military attaché to provide it directly to the
Keran military liaison. What is your assessment of the situation as it stands
now?”

Cartwright tried not to cringe. “Ma’am...there are roughly two hundred enemy
ships now in the system. I don’t know how they stack up against what the
Alliance has in terms of tonnage and weapons, but the Frenchies are going to
have their hands full.”

Ambassador Pugachova nodded gravely. She looked to the side briefly as someone
spoke to her, then turned her attention back to Cartwright. “The invasion
alert is being broadcast on the media. At least that did not take too long.”
She looked back at Cartwright. “Get to the fleet rendezvous as quickly as you
can. Good luck and godspeed, pilot.”

“Same to you, ma’am,” Cartwright said. The ambassador’s face disappeared as
the screen went blank. The connection was closed.

“Five minutes to jump,” Sid informed her as _Alita_ fled toward open space.
Fortunately, the vector Cartwright had chosen was largely free of Alliance
ships, and the Kreelans were on the far side of the planet. She watched the
sensor display as two of the Alliance task forces that were closest to the
mass of Kreelan ships maneuvered, trying to optimize the geometry for
deploying their weapons. Two of the other task forces were quickly
accelerating around the planet to join the fray, while the last task force
remained on station opposite the battle, probably in case the Kreelans tried
to flank them with another inbound force.

In low orbit, the cloud of shuttles hovering around the starliners began to
plunge toward the surface, desperately trying to ferry nine heavy divisions to
the ground as quickly as possible.

“One minute,” Sid said quietly, and Cartwright could hear the low thrum of the
hyperdrive capacitors spooling up.

On the sensor screen, the nearest of the Alliance task forces had closed to
within weapons range, and ships began to die. The sensor suite was not
powerful enough to tell them anything about the weapons being employed, but
icons representing both Alliance and Kreelan ships began to flare on the
screen, then disappear.

Just before her ship jumped, Cartwright saw another cloud of red icons appear
right on top of the lone Alliance task force guarding the far side of the
planet.

* * *

Tesh-Dar’s blood burned like fire as she felt the emotional surge from her
sisters throughout the fleet as they began to engage the humans. Having no
information on how many forces the humans may have gathered or how they might
be deployed, she had settled on a simple strategy that was most likely to
ensure rapid contact with at least some of the human ships, assuming there
were any. While they knew a great deal about the humans after fully absorbing
the information contained in the data of the primitive vessel on which the
Messenger had come, there was much about these aliens that remained intriguing
unknowns. She had divided the main attack fleet into two groups. The first,
with about one hundred and fifty ships, would jump into the target system near
the planet’s two small moons to engage any forces there. The second formation
of roughly fifty ships, including her flagship, would jump into low orbit.

She was not disappointed. The group bound for the moons in high orbit arrived
first, and Tesh-Dar could feel in the Bloodsong the thrill of the warriors as
they found human warships awaiting them. The fleet the humans had assembled
was unimpressive, but would provide her warriors with an acceptable challenge.
Tesh-Dar could only be pleased.

As her own group emerged in low orbit, she gasped with pleasant surprise: they
had materialized right on top of a formation of human ships!

“Elai-Tura’an!” she called to the shipmistress, the warrior who was the rough
equivalent in human terms to the ship’s captain. “Send forth the boarding
parties, then engage at will!”

“Yes, my priestess!” Elai-Tura’an responded instantly as she carried out Tesh-
Dar’s orders.

Throughout the ships of the second attack group, hundreds of warriors clad in
what were to them primitive vacuum combat suits leaped from airlocks arranged
along the ships’ flanks, steering toward the human ships that were even now
turning to meet them.

* * *

“Primary kinetics, _fire!_ ” _Capitaine de vaisseau_ Pierre Monet, captain of
the Alliance heavy cruiser _Victorieuse_ ordered over the orchestrated chaos
of the bridge. The ship was rocked down to her keel as a set of twenty rounds
of two hundred millimeter armor-piercing shells was fired from the ship’s five
main gun turrets. While the current generation of lasers were generally more
effective, kinetic weapons, not too far removed from the shells fired by wet
navy ships centuries before, were far less expensive and could still be
extremely lethal.

Just after the main guns fired, a low humming sound echoed through the ship,
one of the smaller close-in defense lasers firing at incoming Kreelan
projectiles.

_Amiral_ Lefevre stood silently on the flag bridge, trying to make sense of
the chaotic information on the tactical display. The task force to which
_Victorieuse_ was attached was involved in the equivalent of a knife fight
with the second group of Kreelan ships that had jumped in. While this Kreelan
force was only slightly bigger than his own task force, his formation had
essentially lost any semblance of tactical integrity. The Alliance datalinks
were still up, allowing their ships to coordinate their fire, but the targets
were so close that the French ships were now in danger of committing
fratricide.

“ _Triomphante_ reports she’s being boarded!” one of the tactical officers
shouted.

“ _What?_ ” Lefevre demanded, incredulous. He had heard the report of the
Kreelans boarding the Terran survey ship, but had dismissed the notion. It was
a ridiculous concept in modern space warfare.

“Boarders, sir!” the officer repeated. “They report aliens in vacuum suits are
aboard, attacking the crew.”

“Sir,” _Capitaine_ Monet interrupted, worry lining his face as he looked out
from the view screen on the flag bridge, “sensors are showing a cloud of
objects directly in front of us, on a direct vector from one of the enemy
ships.”

_Boarders_ , Lefevre thought again. _What kind of enemy are we fighting who
would throw away their people in such a fashion?_ But he didn’t hesitate.
“Fight your ship, captain.”

Monet nodded, then ordered his weapons officer, “Put the forward batteries
under manual control. Sweep those damn things from our path.”

* * *

Li’ara-Zhurah floated through space with the dozens of other warriors of the
attack group she led, trying to reach one of the many human ships that were
maneuvering wildly in the fierce melee taking place around her. She hated the
primitive vacuum suit she had to wear, but had fought a series of fierce
challenges for the honor of wearing it, and would have done so again without a
second thought. Her blood sang with the rapture and pain of her sisters who
now fought and died in the battle raging above the human planet. Her hands
clenched reflexively in anticipation as her chosen target, one of the larger
human cruisers, swept toward her, belching fire at the attacking warships of
the Imperial fleet.

Some of the warriors in her attack group suddenly cried out in shock and agony
as rapid-fire laser bolts suddenly began to sweep through their formation. The
ancient design of the vacuum suits incorporated reflective shielding, but even
the comparatively small amount of energy it still allowed to bleed through was
enough to severely burn or kill the warrior wearing it.

“ _Attack!_ ” Li’ara-Zhurah cried as she fired her small maneuvering thrusters
in hopes of throwing off the enemy’s aim and getting that much closer to her
target. “Move in!”

With a war cry from her surviving sisters, the group surged forward _en masse_
toward the human warship that was now speeding directly toward them.

* * *

“They’re inside minimum range!” the tactical officer exclaimed as the cloud of
targets on the _Victorieuse’s_ tactical display passed inside the range rings
of the close-in defense weapons. The weapons were primarily designed to stop
missile and kinetic weapons, and had fared poorly against the alien attackers.
The software that controlled the weapons’ targeting wasn’t expecting such slow
moving targets, and while the small laser batteries had killed at least half
of the aliens heading for the ship, that still left several dozen alive.

_Capitaine_ Monet hit a button on his command console, opening a channel to
the crew. “Prepare to repel boarders!” he barked, feeling mildly ridiculous
saying those particular words, despite the potential severity of the
situation. The Alliance Navy had no protocols for dealing with hostile
boarders, and none of the ships carried marines who could mount an effective
shipboard defense. In fact, the Alliance had no space marines at all: such a
military force had been seen as unnecessary in the modern age. The only thing
they had was a small armory containing light weapons that were used during
inspection operations that had the potential to turn violent. Doing a quick
calculation in his head, Monet ordered, “Every department is to send five men
to the armory immediately to draw weapons! Defend the ship!”

Hearing Monet’s orders, Lefevre immediately opened a fleet-wide broadcast.
“All ships,” he ordered, “be prepared to repel boarders. Repeat, be prepared
to repel boarders.”

Just then there was the sound of an explosion somewhere aft, followed by an
alarm that one of the secured compartments was losing air.

“The hull has been breached,” Monet hissed.

* * *

Matching velocity with the human ships that Li’ara-Zhurah and her warriors
wanted to attack would have been virtually impossible without the inertial
compensator that the builders had discovered far back in the Books of Time. It
was on a level of technology comparable to what the humans possessed, so it
was allowed by the priestess. Bulky and primitive compared to the energy
bubbles used in the current day, the compensator was small enough to be fitted
to a suit, and had originally been designed millennia before to allow boarding
operations just such as this.

The human ship loomed before Li’ara-Zhurah, approaching faster than she would
have thought possible. She could see its forward laser batteries still
belching coherent light at her sisters; many had been lost, but many yet
remained alive, their fury and bloodlust pounding in her own veins. The dull
gray behemoth was nothing but angles and bulky protuberances, the muzzles of
its larger weapons flashing with crimson brilliance as they fired. She knew
that the ships of her fleet were absorbing a tremendous amount of damage while
inflicting comparatively little to give her and her sisters the honor of
taking the sword to the enemy. It was greater honor to the Empress to fight
eye-to-eye with one’s foe than to smash away at them with the guns of
warships. Her Children would hardly shy away from such carnage, but their goal
was a battle of being against being, not one fought by technology.

Holding her breath, Li’ara-Zhurah fired a magnetic grapple ahead of her,
hoping that the hulls of the human ships were composed of ferrous alloys to
which the grapple could adhere. _Yes!_ she thought triumphantly as the grapple
clung to the skin of the human ship as it sailed by, automatically triggering
the inertial compensator. Suddenly, almost magically, Li’ara-Zhurah was
traveling alongside the ship, her velocity relative to the vessel having been
equalized by the compensator.

But there was a price to be paid. The device had to do something with the huge
amount of energy it had just absorbed in matching her velocity to that of the
ship, and it converted it all to heat. Li’ara-Zhurah cried out as her back was
suddenly seared by the red-hot compensator just before it automatically
separated from her suit and drifted off into space.

Gasping at the pain, she triggered the miniature winch that reeled her to
where the grapple had attached itself to the vessel’s metal skin. Once there,
she activated the magnetic soles of her boots to anchor her feet to the alien
hull. She looked around in wide-eyed wonder at the spectacle around her: ships
everywhere, blasting away at one another with kinetic rounds and lasers;
clouds of warriors maneuvering through space, trying to find their targets;
and periodic eye-searing explosions as ships died. And it all took place in
total, utter silence.

Bringing her mind back to the task at hand, she unwound a strip of putty-like
material and stuck it onto the hull in a rough circle as big around as her
arms spread wide. Walking awkwardly across the hull in her magnetic boots, she
put some distance between herself and the putty-like material, then triggered
it.

Rather than a conventional explosive, the boarding charges the warriors were
using was a chemical compound much akin to thermite used by humans. Once
ignited, it burned at a ferociously high temperature and could melt through
virtually any metal that human technology could produce. Since the warriors
would have no way of knowing if the part of the hull they landed on was merely
a thin metal skin or armor an arm’s length in thickness, primitive explosives
might not be sufficient. But even the thickest metal could be penetrated with
enough heat.

She watched as the boarding charge burst into brilliant flame, instantly
melting the metal of the hull, which bubbled off into space. The flames sank
into the ship’s metal skin, eating it away with heat.

A moment later, the entire circle of the hull - plating, electrical conduits,
piping - exploded outward from the air pressure in the compartment beneath as
the boarding charge breached the interior wall. Two human figures, not wearing
space suits, flew past her, ejected by explosive decompression. The flow of
air stopped after a few moments.

Ignoring the pain from the burns on her back, Li’ara-Zhurah jumped through the
breach, her sword held at the ready.


* Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fourteen{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER FOURTEEN**

  

One of the enlisted sailors from engineering, _Second-maître_ Emmanuelle
Sabourin, led four other crewmen toward the nearest compartment that had been
breached. They had been among the first to reach the armory, and had drawn two
automatic shotguns and three sidearms, plus a pair of grenades. Sabourin had
wanted all of her team to be armed with shotguns or rifles, but the armorer
simply nodded over his shoulder at what he had available: three more shotguns,
half a dozen assault rifles, and maybe a dozen pistols, plus a dozen grenades.
That was it.

Disgusted, she’d taken the weapons the armorer had offered, along with a
generous quantity of armor-piercing ammunition. That, at least, was not in
short supply. She was actually surprised that the armorer was handing out
armor-piercing rounds, as they could wreak havoc if they penetrated the inner
walls of the ship and destroyed any of the underlying electrical systems or
conduits. But he had told her it was on the captain’s direct orders: he
believed they would need it to fight the boarders. Unsettled by that bit of
information, she led her team aft as another group arrived to pick over the
meager weapons supply.

Unlike the other teams, Sabourin’s team members were all wearing vacuum suits.
While the ship had a plentiful supply of emergency “beach balls” that crewmen
could quickly jump into in case of a loss of air pressure, there were only a
small number of vacuum suits, which normally were used only for external
repair work and the various odd jobs for which an EVA (Extra-Vehicular
Activity) was required. There were only half a dozen or so, and they were all
kept in engineering. When the chief engineer chose her, his senior enlisted
rating, to lead the team from engineering to help repel the boarders, she and
her companions grabbed the suits and put them on. The only problem was that
they weren’t designed for combat: she could puncture one with a screwdriver,
and they only had basic communications gear. But it was more than the other
teams had.

“This way,” she said, turning right and pounding down an auxiliary stairway.
The captain had locked all of the ship’s elevators. Halfway down, the ship
rocked to the side, throwing her off-balance. Losing her grip on the handrail,
she chose to jump down the rest of the way rather than tumbling down the
remaining steps. She landed on her feet and rolled, only to come face-to-face
with an apparition the likes of which she had never seen before.

The Kreelan warrior bared her fangs and lunged forward, thrusting her sword at
Sabourin’s mid-section.

Caught totally off-guard, Sabourin instinctively swung her shotgun to deflect
the alien’s attack, the sword’s tip barely missing her suit. But the movement
put Sabourin off-balance, and she fell backward to the deck as the Kreelan
raised her sword, preparing to bring it down in a savage double-handed strike.

But the alien warrior never got the chance. With a deafening blast, the other
member of Sabourin’s team with a shotgun blew the Kreelan back against the
bulkhead. The alien slammed into the wall with a grunt of pain, but then got
right back up again: her glossy black chest armor looked like someone had hit
it with a fist hard enough to make a deep indentation, scraping the black
coating off to reveal the gleaming raw metal beneath. But the shotgun’s armor-
piercing round hadn’t gone through. The warrior was no doubt badly bruised,
and may even have suffered some broken ribs, but otherwise was quite alive.

At least she was until Sabourin blew her unarmored head off with the shotgun.
“ _Salope_ ,” she spat. _Bitch_.

“How did she get in here without a suit?” one of her teammates asked as he
helped Sabourin get back on her feet, something that wasn’t easy to do in the
ship’s artificial gravity while wearing the bulky suits. “There are no
airlocks in this part of the ship.”

“She made one,” one of the others called from the nearby hatchway in the
direction Sabourin had been leading them. “Look.”

The hatch, which automatically closed any time general quarters was sounded,
stood open. In the compartment beyond, which Sabourin knew had been breached,
the Kreelan had attached some sort of thin membrane to the bulkhead around the
hatch coaming that had been large enough for her to stand in. The membrane,
however it was attached to the bulkhead (chemically bonded, Sabourin guessed),
had formed a makeshift airlock, and the Kreelan must then have simply cut
through the bulkhead to short out the hatch controls. With a quick blast of
air that filled the bubble that now sealed her away from the vacuum in the
compartment behind her, the alien could have then just stepped into the
pressurized passageway, where she discarded her vacuum armor. Simple and
effective.

Looking closer, Sabourin could see that the membrane was actually _two_
membranes, with each one having a barely visible seam down the middle.
Suddenly she understood: the outer membrane, which now was loosely draped
against the bubble of the pressurized inner one, formed the first part of a
double-airlock.

“ _Merde_ ,” she muttered.

“What is wrong?” one of the others asked.

“If more aliens enter that compartment,” she nodded toward the hatchway and
the improvised airlock, “through the hole that the first alien made in the
hull, they can enter the bubble through the outer membrane, seal it, then
enter the ship through the inner membrane without risking explosive
decompression of the passageway on this side.” She turned to look at her
teammates, her angular face and dark brown eyes grim. “Anywhere they make one
of these, they can easily gain access to the pressurized portions of the
ship.”

“But why?” one of the others asked. “If they just blow holes in the hull, they
would eventually kill most of us. Would that not be easier?”

“Yes, it would,” she said. The question bothered her, but she had no answer.
She had to inform the captain. “Bridge,” she called over her suit’s comms
system.

“Bridge,” a communications technician answered immediately.

“This is _Second-maître_ Sabourin on deck six at frame seventy-three,” she
reported. “We killed one of the boarders. But alert the other teams that the
armor-piercing rounds from our shotguns will not penetrate their chest armor.
Head shots only. Please also inform the captain that the boarders can create
their own double airlocks. Wherever one of them makes a penetration, more
aliens will be able to enter from the vacuum side without further
decompression of the adjoining compartment.”

There was a moment of silence, then she heard the captain’s voice. “Sabourin,”
_Capitaine_ Monet asked, “are you sure about the airlocks? We had assumed that
one of the enemy’s primary objectives would be to secure at least one of the
ship’s airlocks to allow them to get more warriors aboard faster. That is
where we were going to concentrate our ship defense teams.”

“ _Oui, mon capitaine_ ,” she told him grimly as she and the rest of her team
began to back away from the hatch while bringing up their weapons, “I am sure
these airlocks work. In fact, more aliens are trying to come through this one
now...”

* * *

On the other side of the ship, Li’ara-Zhurah had finished fastening the
airlock membrane to the bulkhead of the compartment she had entered. Aside
from the two humans who had been blown out when she cut through the hull, the
compartment had been empty. Behind her, four other warriors had managed to
scramble through the hole and now stood by as she prepared the airlock. She
waited for a moment more for the chemical matrix around the edges of the
membrane to fuse with the metal of the bulkhead, and then, taking a wild
guess, she hit the large green button of what she assumed was the control
panel for the hatch. She was right: the hatch slid open, and after a small
implosion of air that filled the inner bubble, she stepped through the hatch
into the passageway beyond.

She could see in the strange yellow-tinged light that there were no humans
about, and she signaled to the warriors behind her to follow. One by one, they
entered the outer bubble, then the inner one. Some air was lost as they did
so, but it was trivial for a ship this size.

As a second warrior joined her, Li’ara-Zhurah gratefully rid herself of the
cumbersome vacuum suit, hissing with the pain as the suit snagged on her
backplate and pressed it against her burned flesh. With a growl of anger, she
tore the rest of the suit from her body, slashing at it with her black talons.
At last free of the encumbrance, she felt like a warrior once again, and not
like a piece of meat encased in a tin.

Once the other warriors of her group were through the airlock, they set off in
search of the crew.

* * *

While more and more skirmishes broke out in the passageways of _Victorieuse_ ,
Lefevre was desperately trying to extricate the fleet from what could easily
turn into a colossal disaster. As the close-in slugging match with the Kreelan
ships here in lower orbit intensified, Lefevre recalled the two squadrons that
were streaming around the planet to engage the larger Kreelan force in high
orbit. He ordered the remaining two squadrons, those that had the misfortune
of being closest to the larger Kreelan group, to pull back. His goal was to
try and achieve sufficient local superiority that he could smash the smaller
Kreelan group _Victorieuse_ and her sisters were fighting before facing off
against the larger group of Kreelan ships.

Destroying the larger group or forcing them to withdraw, he knew, was little
more than wishful thinking. While he had rough parity at the moment with the
enemy here in low orbit, they had at least fifty more ships in the larger
group near the moons than he had in his entire fleet. It appeared that the
Kreelans were perfectly positioned to destroy the Alliance squadrons that were
closest to the larger Kreelan force.

However, to his shock and surprise, they didn’t. The Kreelans allowed the
other Alliance squadrons to retreat back toward Lefevre’s position near the
planet. Some Kreelan ships pursued them, but only made harassing attacks,
nothing more.

“What are they doing?” his flag captain asked.

Lefevre shook his head, completely confused. “I have no idea. Why do they not
simply destroy our ships? They have overwhelming superiority.”

The _Victorieuse_ suddenly rocked with a hit, throwing both men off balance.
They should have been in their combat chairs, but Lefevre had perversely
always refused to sit in one. More alarms blared, signaling yet more damage to
the ship, but Lefevre ignored them. That was _Capitaine_ Monet’s job.

“Are they simply toying with us?” he wondered aloud.

* * *

Tesh-Dar grunted with satisfaction at the humans’ response. Realizing their
tactical error, they were now trying to reconsolidate their forces. She would
allow them to do as they wished - to a point. But only as it suited her. Much
of this first battle was simply to study, to learn. Had this been an enemy
that posed a true threat to the Empire, she would have clawed them from the
skies in minutes, even with ships of a design as ancient as this.

But the humans were not a threat. They were an opportunity to glorify the
Empress. They would die and this system would be taken into the Empire, yes,
but she would allow them to fight on even ground. For the first time in
several thousand cycles did the Children of the Empress have a worthy enemy,
and she would take her time to blood her warriors properly and let the humans
learn, as well. For the more they knew, the better they would fight.

She ordered that the formation in high orbit detach half its ships to follow
the two closest human squadrons back toward the planet, harassing them without
making many outright kills. Ships that could be crippled would be boarded, so
her warriors could fight the humans face to face. But it was better for her
purposes if the human ships were gathered in more closely together. She was
sorely tempted to join the young ones in the bloodletting, but the time would
soon come when the battle on the planet’s surface would begin. Then she would
indulge herself.

With that in mind, she had one of the warriors working a sensor console -
Tesh-Dar was still amazed that their forebears had extended the Empire across
the stars with the aid of such primitive devices - show her the progress of
the human ships carrying troops to the surface. Clearly not designed for war,
the odd assemblage of vessels were surrounded by a host of small shuttles that
were equally ill-designed for ferrying troops and equipment quickly. It would
take many trips for the small craft to carry all the humans aboard those ships
down to the surface. And then it would no doubt take them some time to prepare
their defenses.

It was just as well, Tesh-Dar thought as the guns of her command ship
thundered. She was in no hurry.

* * *

Sabourin and her team stared at the handful of Kreelan warriors who had
gathered in the compartment beyond the improvised airlock, and the Kreelans
stared back.

But only for a moment.

“ _Nique ta mere!_ ” Sabourin cursed at the Kreelans as she snatched one of
the grenades from her utility pouch, mashed down on the activator and hurled
it into the airlock bubble. “Take cover!” she cried before ducking behind the
stairs.

One of her comrades made it to the safety of the stairs with her, but the
remaining three never had a chance: three of the Kreelans threw some sort of
weapons through the membrane. Like miniature buzz saws, the weapons whirred
through the air and caught the three crewmen in mid-stride as they tried to
dash out of the way. The weapons cut through the thick fabric of the vacuum
suits as if it was made of rice paper, and did the same to the flesh and bone
beneath. One crewman clutched at his chest before he fell to the deck; the
second, who was hit in the neck, simply collapsed to the floor like a rag
doll. Sabourin could see that he had been decapitated, just before his
faceplate was covered in blood that still spewed from the carotid artery. The
third weapon caught the last crewman in the back, severing his spine just
below the shoulder blades. His screams of agony rang from the speakers in her
helmet.

Then the grenade went off, and Sabourin held onto the metal skeleton of the
stairs for dear life as the air in the passageway was explosively vented into
space. The crewman who had managed to take shelter with her behind the stairs
didn’t have a firm hold and suddenly found himself carried out through the
hatch into the adjoining compartment by the force of the explosive
decompression. He would have been carried out into space except for the
artificial gravity, which was still strong enough to hold him to the deck. But
his good fortune was short lived as one of the surviving warriors leapt upon
him, and they grappled with one another even as two more warriors clambered
through the hole in the hull, dropping nimbly to the deck in spite of their
bulky armored suits. Then another appeared to join them.

With tears of hate and anger clouding her eyes, Sabourin threw her second
grenade into their midst.

* * *

Gritting her teeth in pain, Li’ara-Zhurah leaned against the bulkhead, waiting
for a break in the weapons fire coming from the humans around the corner and
down the passageway. She and her small band of warriors had already killed
over a dozen members of the crew when they had run into this determined - and,
for once, well-armed - group of defenders. They were proving a worthy
challenge, and beyond the pain of the bullet wound in her left arm, her blood
sang in blissful fury. She turned to look at one of her companion warriors,
who knelt on the deck behind her, blood running from her mouth: one of the
human projectile weapons had hammered against her chest armor and shattered
several of her ribs, which in turn had punctured a lung. “You must rest,
Ku’ira-Gol,” she counseled the younger warrior. “This is merely the opening
battle in a great war. You need not spend yourself in the first of it. Let the
healers tend to you once we finish this. A host of humans yet await the
attention of your sword and claws.”

Looking up at Li’ara-Zhurah with eyes that bore the pain not of her body, but
of her spirit, Ku’ira-Gol shook her head. “No, my sister,” she said quietly.
She had been a late arrival, and happened to discover the hole Li’ara-Zhurah
had made in the hull, then followed her and the others here. “You speak with
truth and wisdom, but my sword has not yet been blooded. Many combats did I
fight in the arena for the honor to be here. I will not spend a moment in the
company of a healer until I have spilled the blood of our enemy.”

Li’ara-Zhurah understood completely. Not just the younger warrior’s words, but
the flame of her emotions, the melody of her Bloodsong. Ku’ira-Gol’s answer
she had expected, but honor demanded that Li’ara-Zhurah offer counsel as she
had. “So has it been-” she whispered.

“-so shall it forever be,” the others echoed in a simple timeless prayer to
the Empress.

With one last look in Ku’ira-Gol’s silver-flecked eyes, seeing that her face
was now serene with the acceptance of what was soon to be, Li’ara-Zhurah
nodded. “May you find a place among the Ancient Ones, my sister.”

“In Her name,” Ku’ira-Gol whispered just before she leapt out into the
passageway to draw the humans’ fire. She rolled nimbly to her feet before
leaping into the air, hurling her last _shrekka_ at one of the human animals.

The passageway was suddenly filled with the staccato roar of assault rifles as
they poured fire into her. The bullets from the rifles, able to penetrate the
Kreelan’s armor, shattered Ku’ira-Gol’s body even as her _shrekka_ found its
mark, severing the head of one of the defenders.

As Ku’ira-Gol’s lifeless body fell to the deck, Li’ara-Zhurah and the four
remaining warriors broke from cover and charged down the passageway, hurling
their own _shrekkas_. They had not thrown them with the intent to kill, but to
force the humans down, to give the warriors a few more precious seconds to get
close enough to use their swords and claws. Baring their fangs and roaring
with fury, they flung themselves into the group of half a dozen humans, blades
flashing and claws tearing.

The humans put up a spirited fight, but it was all too brief. It had been
clear to Li’ara-Zhurah from her first encounter with the humans aboard this
vessel that even though they appeared to be soulless creatures, many of them
had great courage and fighting spirit. But they were ill-trained and poorly
equipped to engage properly in battle with Her Children. Perhaps their
warriors who fought on the ground would prove more of a challenge. If she
managed to survive the battle here in space, she would seek to find out.

Her sensitive nose filled with the unpleasant coppery scent from the human
blood that now covered her like haphazardly splashed paint, she continued to
lead the remaining warriors to her ultimate destination: the ship’s bridge.

* * *

Alone now, the rest of her team dead, Sabourin was also cut off from the rest
of the crew. There was no way she could enter the pressurized sections of the
ship from here, for there was no airlock: having destroyed the one the
Kreelans had made to the adjoining compartment where they had penetrated the
hull, she had cut off her own escape route. Now, she had no choice but to head
out through the hole the Kreelans had made in the ship’s hull and try to find
another one of their improvised airlocks, or one of the ship’s main airlocks.
She would settle for whichever was closer.

Clamping the shotgun to a utility sticky patch on her suit, she stepped into
the compartment filled with the bodies of the Kreelans and the member of her
team that she had killed with the grenade. She tried to console herself with
the thought that there was no way she could have saved her fellow crewman, but
another voice quietly reminded her that she hadn’t even tried. She hadn’t
known him very well; she hadn’t known any of the people on her short-lived
team, as they had all been sent from different sections of engineering. She
had killed him, and now she couldn’t even remember his name. Kicking the
mangled bodies of the Kreelans out of the way, she knelt by his lacerated suit
for a moment, looking at his face. His expression was oddly peaceful, although
his features were distorted from the swelling of his tissues as the fluids
tried to turn to vapor in the pure vacuum of the compartment.

“I’m sorry,” she said dully, squeezing his dead hand gently. Then she let go.
There was nothing else to say.

Turning to the body of one of the warriors, she took the alien’s sword. She
had no training in how to use it, but it couldn’t hurt to have such a weapon
handy, especially since the shotgun didn’t seem to do much to their armor. She
slid the gleaming weapon into its scabbard, having wrenched it from the belt
the alien wore, then attached it to another sticky patch on her suit. After a
moment’s consideration, she checked the rest of the warrior’s belongings. Most
of it she either could not figure out or could not use, but she found a small
pouch that, when she squeezed it, suddenly popped out and expanded into one of
the portable airlocks. _That could be useful_ , she thought. Finding another
warrior who still had hers, Sabourin took it and stuffed it into the utility
pouch on her belt. She also found a wound-up strip of taffy-like material,
packed together with a small electronic unit in a pouch. It dawned on her that
this must be the explosive material that they had used to make the holes in
the hull. She had no idea what she might do with it, but since it was small
and no inconvenience, she stuffed that in her utility pouch, as well.

Looking at her suit’s telltales in the head-up display on her visor, Sabourin
saw that she only had an hour of air left. She had to find a way back into the
pressurized parts of the ship.

Getting out onto the hull would be a bit tricky, only because the hole the
Kreelans had made was in the “ceiling” of this compartment. And since the
artificial gravity was still working, she couldn’t just jump. Fortunately,
this was one of the ship’s many equipment storage areas, and after about
fifteen minutes of grunting and heaving, interrupted frequently by either the
vibration of the ship’s kinetics firing or the compartment shuddering as
_Victorieuse_ took another hit, she had managed to push together enough
pallets and other flotsam to build a platform high enough for her to reach the
outside of the hull with her hands.

It took her a couple of minutes of frenzied scrabbling in the awkward suit,
made worse by the shotgun and sword protruding at odd angles, but she finally
made it. She rolled over on the outside of the hull, panting at the effort and
holding on with a magnetized glove to keep from drifting away. The artificial
gravity field actually stopped mid-way through the hull’s thick skin, and it
was a queasy sensation as she lifted herself through the hole to have part of
her body still sensing gravity and the rest of it sensing weightlessness.

Looking out, the infinite blackness of space was lit with a cascade of
fireworks as ships fired upon one other. While the engagement range for space
combat was normally judged in thousands of kilometers, she could see at least
two dozen ships - some of them very close aboard, _within hundreds of meters_
\- with her naked eye. Most were moving far slower than they normally would,
either because of battle damage or just to hold formation with their wounded
sisters. She saw a pair of ships, one clearly human, the other not, that had
collided at some velocity slow enough that they had not been destroyed
outright. She saw small shapes swarming over the human ship, and knew with
bitter anguish exactly what they were. More boarders.

A shadow suddenly fell across her face, something breaking the glare of the
system’s star. Glancing to her left, she saw another Kreelan warrior floating
through space, drifting directly toward her. With a growl, Sabourin ripped the
shotgun from its sticky patch. While the weapon was not exactly optimized for
space combat, its designers had at least ensured that the chemical composition
of the propellant in the cartridges did not need oxygen to fire. The Kreelan
was already reaching for one of the flying weapons attached to the outside of
her armored suit, but Sabourin had no intention of letting the alien use it.
Bracing the shotgun against the hull, holding it as if she were firing from
the hip, Sabourin pulled the trigger.

The heavy shot caught the Kreelan warrior square in the chest. While the heavy
shot didn’t penetrate her armor, it gave proof to Newton’s third law of
motion: for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. The hit
sent the warrior flying backward into space, tumbling head over heels.

Shaking with yet another surge of adrenalin, Sabourin managed to get back on
her feet, locking the magnetic pads on her boots to the hull. Trying to ignore
the distractions of the silent space battle going on around her, she first
tried to spot any more Kreelan warriors on the hull or floating nearby. There
were none that she could see. For a moment, she stood there, lungs heaving.
Her orders had been clear before, if rather broad: repel the enemy and defend
the ship. If her team’s experience was any indication, the enemy must be
gaining the upper hand, and she wasn’t sure which way to go or what to do.

“Bridge,” she called as she caught her breath.

There was a long pause, and she was about to call again when the same
communications tech as before answered.

“Bridge,” the tech said, somewhat breathlessly.

“This is Sabourin. I am outside the hull, roughly forty-five minutes of air
remaining.” She paused, not wanting to say what must be said. “I...I have lost
the rest of my team. I need orders.”

“Stand by.”

The silence that followed was interminable. At one point Sabourin was nearly
knocked to her knees by an explosion near the stern of the ship. The stars and
the fireflies that were fighting and dying ships wheeled crazily around her
before the ship gradually came back under control. But _Victorieuse_ was
clearly badly damaged. The ship was still in the fight, but she suffered from
a constant starboard yaw and downward pitch that the helmsman must be trying
to control with thrusters. That meant the main engines had been very badly
damaged, and no doubt the rest of the ship was faring no better. She gritted
her teeth in frustration. There must be something more she could do.

“Sabourin,” the captain’s voice suddenly echoed in her earphones, “you must
make for the main starboard airlock and do what you can to hold it against
attack. We need to get off what is left of the crew, and the port side is
controlled by the enemy.”

“We are abandoning ship, sir?” she asked, mortified.

A long pause. “ _Oui_ ,” he answered heavily. “I was about to inform the
_amiral_ when you called. We have no choice.”

He paused again, as if unsure what to say next. Her heart bled for him: while
she did not know him very well personally, he had been a good and fair captain
during her time aboard the ship. And to lose _Victorieuse_ \- the fleet
flagship! - this way must have been horrible.

“Listen, Sabourin,” he went on quietly, as if he did not want anyone else near
him to hear, “aside from the officers’ sidearms, which are useless, you have
the only weapon left that can kill these beasts. All the other defense teams
are gone. You _must_ hold the starboard airlock. If you do not, the crew will
be trapped in the ship and at the mercy of these creatures. We have no way of
fighting our way past them.”

“ _Oui, mon capitaine_ ,” she said grimly, already stalking across the hull to
the starboard side. “I understand. And I will not fail you.”

* * *

“We’re losing the ship, _mon amiral_ ,” _Capitaine_ Monet reported to Lefevre
even as screams, very close now, echoed through the blast doors that separated
the flag and ship’s bridges from the rest of the ship. The agony in his voice
was no different than if his wife lay on an operating table in surgery, dying.
“Engineering was under attack and no longer responds, and we have lost
maneuvering control. While we still control the ship’s weapons, fewer and
fewer of the gun crews answer, and our fire has fallen to almost nothing. The
aliens now control the port airlock, and we have lost contact with all the
defense teams.” He still had contact with Sabourin, but despite the young
woman’s determined vow, he held little hope that she alone could do what he
had asked. He knew she would die trying, however, and he could ask no more of
any of his crew. He took in a shuddering breath. “I recommend that we abandon
ship.”

As if to punctuate Monet’s litany of doom, _Victorieuse_ shuddered from
another hit. Lefevre realized now that the fire from the Kreelan vessels was
generally not intended to kill his ships, but to wound them enough that the
boarding parties would have a better chance to attack. They were like pack
animals, one tearing at the prey’s legs to bring it down, while others pounced
on its back or went for the throat. He found some solace in the knowledge
that, once the threat of the boarders had been taken seriously, only three
more ships had fallen victim to them by direct attack.

But for _Victorieuse_ and a dozen or more other ships, it was too late.

His heart heavy, knowing the pain it was causing Monet to even suggest such a
thing, he said, “Very well, _capitaine_.” Turning to his flag captain, he
said, “Signal _Jean Bart_ to come alongside to take on survivors from the
starboard side airlock; I will transfer my flag to her.” He turned back to the
ship’s captain, but Monet was not looking at him.

Behind Lefevre, Monet had seen the port side blast door to the flag bridge
suddenly slide open. At the threshold stood a small group of alien warriors. “
_Get down!_ ” he screamed, tackling Lefevre to the deck as the keening of
Kreelan flying weapons filled the flag bridge.

* * *

Li’ara-Zhurah once again found herself facing a determined group of humans,
and her blood sang with the joy of battle. While they were pitifully armed
with small handguns, the accuracy of the shots by one of the humans was making
for a challenging fight. The human animal who had been facing the door that
opened onto what must be part of the bridge had flung itself and another of
its kind down behind a console, avoiding the volley of _shrekkas_ that her
warriors had hurled at the humans inside. But that same human had suddenly
peeked above the console and fired his handgun twice, shooting two of her
fellow warriors in the head and killing them instantly.

She looked at the three warriors who remained with her. All of them had
sustained injuries of one sort or another, bearing witness to the ferocity of
the humans, if not their skill. Truly, they were worthy opponents.

Gripping her last _shrekka_ , she quickly peered around the hatch coaming,
which was the only cover they had here in the corridor. Her other warriors
crouched low to the deck, trying to stay out of sight of the sharpshooter.

She had stuck her head out just far enough to get a glimpse of the console
where the two humans had hidden when the human again rose up and squeezed off
a round. Had she been just a fraction of a second slower he would have killed
her. As it was, she would have a handsome scar across her left cheek where the
bullet grazed her. Assuming she survived.

* * *

Monet ducked back down behind the command console. He had surprised the
Kreelans with his marksmanship, but he had certainly never expected to use his
skills with a pistol, honed during his years of competition while attending
university, to defend his ship. He keyed his wrist comm to the ship-wide
annunciator circuit. “All hands, this is the captain,” he said urgently.
“Abandon ship. Repeat, abandon ship. Make way to the starboard side main
airlock. Starboard side only. The port side airlock is controlled by the
enemy.” He paused for a moment. “Good luck and godspeed.” Turning to _Amiral_
Lefevre, who crouched next to him, his sidearm drawn and ready, Monet said,
“It is time for you to leave, _mon amiral_. I will cover your withdrawal as
best I can. Take the bridge crewmen through the starboard side path to the
airlock.”

“Monet...” Lefevre began, then stopped. There was no choice. He hated to leave
him here in what could only be a last stand. But Lefevre had an entire fleet
to worry about, and every moment counted now if he was to extricate the rest
of his ships from certain disaster. “ _Bonne chance, capitaine_ ,” he said
quietly, gripping Monet’s shoulder.

Then, in a crouching run, he made his way forward to the main bridge,
gathering the other crewman to him as he went. Only the senior officers had
sidearms, and the guns were the only protection any of them had.

With one last look toward where Monet lay waiting for the Kreelans, Lefevre
rendered him a salute. The captain returned it with a brave smile and a small
wave of his hand.

Once the last member of the bridge crew had crept past him, staying low to
keep out of the Kreelans’ line of sight, Lefevre closed the blast door and
locked it behind him as a volley of gunshots rang out on the other side.

* * *

While the _Victorieuse_ was not a huge ship compared to some of the gigantic
transports and starliners, the hull seemed to stretch for endless kilometers
as Sabourin trudged step by exhausting step toward the starboard airlock.
Walking in the suit required careful attention to first demagnetize one foot,
set it, magnetize it, then demagnetize the other foot to repeat the process.
It was dreadfully slow going, and while she was EVA qualified, almost all of
her outside operations in a suit had been with a maneuvering pack. This was
torture, and a river of sweat was running down her back and between her
breasts, and from her forehead into her eyes where it burned like fire. That
was perhaps the most frustrating thing, because she had to constantly look
around and above for more Kreelan warriors trying to sneak up on her.

But no more had appeared by the time she reached the airlock. With her shotgun
held at the ready, although she was not sure her magnetic boots would hold her
to the hull against the weapon’s recoil, she opened the outer hatch. It was
empty. Stepping inside, she hit the controls to pressurize the lock. She was
about to hit the button to open the inner door, then paused. It wouldn’t do to
have come all this way just to be shot by someone on the other side of the
door, thinking she was a Kreelan. Of course, there could be Kreelans on the
far side of the door, too.

Again holding her shotgun at the ready, she activated her suit’s external
microphone and punched the button for the airlock intercom. “This is _Second-
maître_ Sabourin in the airlock,” she said. “Is anyone there?”

She nearly pulled the trigger of the shotgun as the door suddenly slid open,
revealing what looked to be a couple dozen of her shipmates.

“ _Merde!_ ” she exclaimed to the first of the people who stepped forward to
greet her. “I almost blew your head off!” Then she recognized who it was and
lowered the shotgun. “Um. Sir,” she added sheepishly.

“You would have been quite right in doing so, petty officer,” Lefevre told her
warmly. “My apologies. Sabourin, isn’t it?”

“ _Oui, mon amiral_ ,” she said, noting how haggard the admiral looked. He had
gashes along the side of his face, and his uniform was in tatters.

The admiral glanced down at his uniform and nodded sadly. “We were ambushed by
another group of boarders on the way here. We fought them off, but not before
they killed another ten members of the crew.” He had two bullets left for his
sidearm. It had been a very close thing that any of them had gotten away. That
and Sabourin’s shotgun were all they had left. “ _Jean Bart_ is to dock any
moment, petty officer,” he told her. “I must ask you, as you have the only
real weapon left among us, to do what you can to give the crew time to get
off.”

“This is all that is left of us?” she asked in a small voice.

The admiral nodded heavily. “I believe there are more down below, barricaded
in some of the engineering spaces. But there are boarding parties between them
and us, and we have no weapons to try and fight our way through.” While
Lefevre knew that his first concern must be the fleet, if he had more weapons
for his companions or a marine detachment on board he would have led them in
an attempt to rescue the trapped members of the crew. But to do so unarmed was
beyond hopeless. “We have closed the blast doors here in the main gangway, and
I have used my override to lock them. But we know the enemy can open locked
doors, do we not?”

Sabourin nodded grimly. She knew what he was going to ask before he asked it.
“I will hold them off, sir,” she said quietly.

He put a hand on her shoulder and squeezed tightly. She could barely feel it
through the thick fabric of the suit. “I know you will,” he told her proudly.
“It should not be long now.”

Raising her right arm, she saluted him, the gesture awkward in her suit, and
he returned it. Then, looking past the crowd of worried faces, she asked him,
“Sir, how many doors are there beyond this one that you were able to close and
lock?”

“Two,” he told her. “I doubt they will hold them long.”

She pursed her lips, thinking. “ _Amiral_ , if you would, please open this
door. I believe I have a plan that may buy us a bit more time.”

* * *

Now at the tail of a group of a dozen warriors pursuing the remaining human
survivors of the crew, Li’ara-Zhurah felt a quickening in her breast. The
battle to take the bridge, while brief, had been exquisite. The lone human
with a pistol had killed two of the other warriors when they had all attacked.
Li’ara-Zhurah fought him in hand to hand combat to honor his skill. Such
fighting clearly had not been his strength, but he still fought with spirit,
and to her that mattered a great deal more. The outcome of that particular
contest had never been in question. But when she finally rammed her
outstretched fingers into the human’s chest, her talons piercing his heart, it
was with regret, for he had allowed Li’ara-Zhurah and the others to bring
great glory to the Empress in the fight to overpower him.

And now, the battle to take the ship was almost over. She was exhausted and in
great pain from her wounds, but her Bloodsong filled her spirit and merged
with the infinite chorus of her sisters. No greater ecstasy had she ever
known.

The warriors at the head of the group, senior to Li’ara-Zhurah in their order
of the challenges fought for the honor to be in this first great battle,
opened yet another door the humans had locked behind them. It was a crude if
effective tactic to buy some time, but she did not know what they expected to
accomplish: herded now to the ship’s main starboard airlock, there was nowhere
else for them to run.

She heard the warriors at the head of the group sing out with battle cries:
the humans were before them! She let herself be swept along as the group
surged forward, swords held high.

* * *

Sabourin stood alone in the passageway as the Kreelans forced open the door in
front of her. Behind her, the last blast door in the main gangway stood open,
with the terrified faces of the crew’s survivors looking past her as they
stood with their backs pressed up against the rear wall that held the airlock.
She had confirmed through her suit radio that _Jean Bart_ , one of
_Victorieuse’s_ sister ships, was moving close aboard to extend a flexible
dock. But they still needed just a few more precious minutes.

She held the shotgun at her side. She would use it at the last moment if she
had to, but she was hoping that the Kreelans would not decide to send their
flying weapons at her if she posed no direct threat. If they did and they
killed her off first thing, her plan might not work so well. She grinned at
her own morbid humor.

She had wondered if her presence, particularly while still wearing the suit
(which was nearly out of air), would give the enemy pause. But it had the
opposite effect: with a howl, they charged forward _en masse_ , driven to a
frenzy by the sight of the helpless crewmen behind her.

And so they never noticed the circle of putty-like material as they ran
forward, at least until Sabourin pushed the single button on the electronic
device that had been in the pouch with the putty strip. With a flash that
seemed as bright as the sun, the boarding charge exploded into white-hot
flame, burning the flesh of half the Kreelans still charging toward her.

As the aliens’ battle cries turned to screams of agony, she flung herself out
of the way, against the bulkhead with the open blast door leading to where her
fellow crewmen waited, willing bait for her trap.

Kneeling down, Sabourin brought up her shotgun and began to fire into the mass
of burning alien warriors.

* * *

Calling to the warriors ahead of her, trying to find out what had happened,
Li’ara-Zhurah could get no answer. All she could see were silhouettes of
warriors dancing amid white-hot flame, and her ears were deafened by shrieks
of agony. The air was thick with the stench of burning meat, metal, and hair,
and she instinctively backed up, away from the carnage ahead of her. Whatever
had happened, her sense of honor did not dictate that she immolate herself.

Then she heard the booms of one of the human weapons, and caught site of the
lone suited human, kneeling to the side of the open door. She was firing into
her sisters, which to a warrior such as Li’ara-Zhurah was a mixed blessing in
such a horrid situation: being killed by a weapon such as the human wielded
would be no small blessing to those whose bodies were now burning like living
torches.

But even had that thought not stayed her hand for a moment, she had no
_shrekkas_ left. The human was beyond her reach unless she wished to brave the
fire.

Then it struck her what the fire truly was: one of the boarding charges. With
widening eyes, she looked at the human in the suit again, still firing into
the churning mass of her sisters, noting the crudely rigged tether that held
the human to the bulkhead. And around the open hatchway that led to the
airlock, where the other humans cowered, Li’ara-Zhurah saw the trace of one of
their own portable airlocks. Transparent and hardly visible at this distance.

It was a trap.

“Oh, no,” she breathed, backing up toward the next blast door. “Pull back, my
sisters!” she screamed over the din. “ _Pull back!_ ” Hissing in fear and
rage, she grabbed two of the closest warriors and pulled them back with her to
the bulkhead behind her. There was no telling how thick the hull was here, and
so how long the charge would take to breach-

With a thunderous roar, a two meter diameter section of the deck dropped away,
blasted into space by air pressure. With screams of surprise now blending with
those of agony, the rest of the warriors who were still alive were sucked out
the hole in the deck to their doom.

The two warriors she had just pulled back had failed to grab hold of anything,
and both lost their footing and tumbled across the deck to disappear into the
infinite void beyond. Li’ara-Zhurah had seized the bulkhead wall with one
hand, gripping it so fiercely that her diamond-hard talons dug into the metal.
With a supreme force of will, fighting against the pain of her eardrums
bursting and the air being sucked out of her lungs, she pulled herself to the
door controls and slammed her hand down on the various buttons until, to her
great relief, the door began to close.

As it did, Li’ara-Zhurah caught a last glimpse of the human in the suit, who
had acted as bait for the trap. The human gave her what appeared to be a
salute: she held one arm straight out in front of her, the hand clenched in a
fist, before she brought her other hand over onto the extended arm just above
the elbow. Then she swung up her clenched fist as the door slammed shut.

* * *

“ _Va te faire foutre,_ ” Sabourin gasped at the lone surviving warrior before
she disappeared behind the closing blast door. _Go fuck yourself_.

All the other warriors were gone, swept down through the hole she had burned
through the deck and the hull. Sabourin had hated to hurt the _Victorieuse_
that way, but there was nothing for it.

Staggering to her feet, she undid the tether, still surprised that it had held
when the hull gave way. Then she stumbled to the outer membrane, opening it
only with great difficulty. The admiral and crew, while frightened when the
air had exploded from the hull and snapped the inner membrane taut, had
survived. Her plan had worked.

Her fingers were numb and her breathing was coming in quick gasps now: her
suit was out of air. But if she didn’t make it through the outer membrane, no
one inside would be able to come get her. Glancing through to the airlock, she
saw that _Amiral_ Lefevre stood there, waiting for her. The other members of
the crew had been ushered into the link to the _Jean Bart_ , so they were
safe, at least for the moment.

After what seemed like days, she finally sealed the outer membrane behind her.
But she had strength for nothing more. Her hands reflexively going to her
neck, she slumped to the floor, her vision darkening as her brain began to run
out of oxygen.

She felt more than heard the _pop_ of air as the inner membrane was opened,
filling the outer bubble where she lay with air. Then someone undogged her
helmet and pulled it off. Taking in huge lungfuls of air, she found Lefevre
looking down at her with a warm smile on his battered face.

“Come along, Sabourin,” he said kindly, shooing away the crewmen from the
_Jean Bart_ who had come to help. He lifted her to her feet, draping one of
her arms over his shoulders as he gripped her tightly by the waist to help her
to the other ship. “I think you have done enough for one day.”


* Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Fifteen{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER FIFTEEN**

  

Admiral Tiernan stared grimly at the tactical data that the crew of _Alita_
had brought from Keran. While the information was priceless, it was also
dangerously out of date: even in the two hours that it had taken _Alita_ to
reach the rendezvous point, the battle could have been lost or won. Tiernan
was a gambling man, a superb poker player, and he wouldn’t have put much money
on the Alliance fleet from the replay of the first few minutes of the battle.
Even though their ships were good, and he knew the Alliance had many first-
rate naval officers, it was clear from the information before him that they
were also outnumbered two-to-one, and the French commander had placed himself
at a tremendous disadvantage by splitting his forces. Had he kept his fleet
intact in high orbit rather than distributing his squadrons around the planet,
he would have been able to concentrate enough combat power to fight at even
odds with the larger Kreelan task force, and would have been able to
completely overwhelm the smaller one. Unless the French admiral had pulled a
rabbit out of a hat, he was going to be feeding his squadrons piecemeal to the
enemy. And that was assuming that any of them stood a chance in hell against
the Kreelans’ technology.

“How much longer?” he asked his flag captain as he continued to replay the
opening sequence of the battle that _Alita_ had recorded, trying to absorb
every nuance that he could. This was the only intelligence information they
had to work with, their only insights into Kreelan tactics. The decisions he
made based on this information would likely decide the outcome of the battle.

“Three minutes and forty-seven seconds, admiral,” Captain Hans Ostermann
replied quietly, his own eyes fixed on the countdown to emergence that was
displayed in every compartment of the ship, and in every ship in the fleet.

Tiernan nodded as he went back to his study of the display, carefully
concealing his trepidation. He had allowed himself only five minutes to
evaluate the data _Alita_ had transmitted the instant she arrived at the
rendezvous point. It was immediately clear to him that they had no time to
lose if they were to stand any chance of helping the French. It already might
very well be too late.

His own plan called for splitting his forces, but not in quite the same way as
the Alliance had. He had four assault carriers carrying the two heavy ground
divisions. They were to jump in as close as they could to the planet, run like
hell for low orbit to disembark their troops, and then jump back out to the
safety of the rendezvous point. Tiernan had only detailed four destroyers to
escort them on their inbound leg; he knew that he was taking a huge risk with
that light of an escort, but he simply didn’t have enough ships to go around.

He planned to commit the rest of his force - eight heavy cruisers, fourteen
light cruisers, and sixteen destroyers - in two mutually supporting tactical
squadrons. That decision had been easy. The more difficult one was how to use
his fleet to best advantage. He only had two viable options: support the
Alliance squadrons in high orbit that had begun to engage the larger Kreelan
force, or link up with the single Alliance squadron that was facing a
substantially smaller Kreelan force closer to the planet. Both options assumed
that there would be enough Alliance ships left intact to matter, because his
own fleet would not stand a chance against even half the Kreelan ships shown
by _Alita’s_ data. His fear was that the Alliance squadrons that had been
maneuvering to attack the larger Kreelan force might have already been
defeated, since they would have been seriously outnumbered. But the sole
Alliance squadron that had been engaged by the smaller Kreelan force was at
least on fairly even terms, the unknowns of Kreelan technology
notwithstanding.

Gambling is about numbers, luck, and guts, and Tiernan knew that you might
have two of the three in any given hand. He knew the numbers from _Alita’s_
data, at least as of four hours ago, and knew that he and his crews had plenty
of guts. The only question was how good their luck might be. He couldn’t
afford to take the long odds offered by the big fight going on in high orbit,
even though a tactical victory there would likely kick the Kreelans out of the
system. That left him with one option: his fleet would attack the smaller
Kreelan force and pray that this Alliance squadron, and hopefully some of the
others, had survived this long. Then they could regroup to take on the larger
Kreelan force.

“Emergency jump protocols confirmed,” the flag captain reported. If the fleet
jumped in and the situation was untenable, Tiernan wasn’t going to waste his
fleet. They would immediately jump out again to the rendezvous point. And it
wouldn’t take two minutes for the hyperdrive engines to spool up as on the
_Aurora_. That little safety interlock problem had been fixed.

“Stand by for transpace sequence,” the ship’s navigation computer announced to
the crew. “Auto-lock engaged. Normal space emergence in
five...four...three...two...one. Sequence initiated. Hyperspace Engines
disengaged.”

Tiernan suddenly found himself staring out at a scene straight from hell.

* * *

“Priestess!” called Tesh-Dar’s First, Kumal-Utai. “More human ships have
arrived!”

“Indeed?” Tesh-Dar replied, already feeling the change in tenor of the
emotions of her young warriors on the ships around the planet. The Bloodsong
had never rung with such fury and passion in her lifetime, and through every
member of her race, to the Empress Herself, ran a thread of ecstasy not felt
since millennia before. Fighting, killing, and dying in Her name: these were
the things for which they all existed.

“Forty-six ships,” Kumal-Utai reported. “Eight of them jumped in close to the
planet and appear to be heading toward low orbit. The rest appeared near the
remains of the human ships we fought upon emergence.”

“Those eight must be transports carrying more warriors to defend the surface,”
Tesh-Dar mused. “Allow them to proceed unmolested. As for the newcomers,” she
said, her eyes surveying the flat-screen tactical display, “let us see the
stuff of which they are made.”

“Where do you wish our ship, my priestess?” Elai-Tura’an, the shipmistress,
asked. Her blood burned for battle, but her mind understood the necessity of
prudence. While Tesh-Dar would likely survive anything that happened to the
ship, and Elai-Tura’an worried not about her own death, it would
be...inconvenient for the fleet command ship to be destroyed.

The great priestess frowned momentarily. She sensed Elai-Tura’an’s emotions,
and felt much the same way. Tesh-Dar wanted to face the humans in a direct
challenge, but it was not yet time. Instead, she would give the honor to the
young ones. It was they, after all, who had fought so hard among the peers for
the right to be here. “Assemble the remaining ships here in low orbit to bleed
the newcomers. We shall take up a position at the trailing edge of the
formation.”

“Shall I call in additional ships from the high formation?” Kumal-Utai asked,
indicating the larger force of ships that had remained near the orbit of the
planet’s moons.

Tesh-Dar shook her head. “No. Let the humans have the advantage here for now.
Let our blood mingle with theirs.”

* * *

“Christ!” Captain Morrison cried as _McClaren_ suddenly materialized in normal
space over Keran. The twisted and burning stern of a ship - it was impossible
to tell if it was human or Kreelan - was hurtling directly for them, spewing
air and flaming debris in its wake. “Hard aport, Z-vector minus fifty! All
ahead flank!” he shouted at the navigator.

Like everyone else on the bridge, Ichiro Sato stared with unbelieving eyes as
the tumbling wreck came closer, filling the bridge display. Had the _McClaren_
been one of the larger cruisers, there was no way she would have been able to
maneuver fast enough to avoid a collision. While Morrison was an imbecile when
it came to leadership and tactics, he at least knew how to maneuver the ship.
As it was, even with the navigator sending the ship into a sharp left downward
turn and the destroyer accelerating like a greyhound, breaking out of their
assigned position in the squadron formation, they barely escaped. Turning his
eyes back to his targeting console, he saw that the wreckage cleared them by
mere meters. But a near-collision was the least of their problems.

“Multiple contacts close aboard!” Sato called to the captain.

“Identify them, damn you!” Morrison bellowed as he looked at the tactical
display, which was now filled with a cloud of yellow icons representing
unidentified ships or the remains of ships. A few of them, then more and more,
began to turn orange as the computer categorized them as wreckage that could
potentially pose a navigation hazard. Sato felt his stomach lurch at what his
display was showing: this side of the system was a charnel house of dead and
dying ships. Flaming wreckage from at least fifty vessels was strewn through
nearby space, and Sato could see what could only be hundreds, possibly
thousands, of bodies. His sensors indicated that some of them were in vacuum
suits, blasting away at one another with small arms or grappling in zero-gee
hand-to-hand combat.

“Trying, sir,” Sato replied, “but we don’t have the Alliance identification
codes and the inter-ship datalink hasn’t synchronized yet.” That concerned
Sato more than anything else. Like the ships of the Alliance fleet, the Terran
ships had a datalink capability that, in theory, made the fleet one large
virtual weapon. Only it still took time, even if just a few moments, to come
up after a hyperspace jump. “We’ve got to identify the ships visually or by
their emissions signatures.”

“Well, _that’s_ not an Alliance ship!” the navigator exclaimed, pointing at
the bridge screen. A ship that looked like a huge swept-wing fighter, dark
gray with cyan runes painted on the bow, arced toward them from the port side.
While it maneuvered smoothly, it had not come through the horrendous battle
unscathed: its hull was covered with scorch marks and at least half a dozen
ragged holes where kinetic weapons had found their mark.

“Primary kinetics,” Sato called out, “hard lock!” The ship’s targeting systems
had painted the enemy ship and were tracking her. At this close range they
could use almost any weapon, but the primary kinetics, the destroyer’s main
guns, were the best choice for this situation: they could do the most damage
quickly.

“Stand by...” Morrison ordered before giving the navigator orders to twist
_McClaren_ hard to the right, unmasking all the ship’s heavy weapons turrets,
“Fire as she bears!”

Sato gave the computer firing authority, and it calculated the optimal firing
point out to the twentieth decimal. The ship echoed with thunder as ten
fifteen centimeter guns rippled off five rounds each in under two seconds.

“Clean hits!” Sato cried. None of the bridge crew needed the tactical display
to tell them they’d hit their target: the bridge screen, now nearly filled
with the image of the enemy ship, showed a cascade of explosions down her
flank, blowing off the starboard wing and sending her spinning out of control.

There was a brief cheer on the bridge before Morrison called out, “Target,
designate!” Using the command override on his console, he steered the
crosshairs for the pulse cannon onto a distant Kreelan ship, silhouetted
against the planet far below, that was roughly the size of a heavy cruiser. To
him it appeared to be an easy target of opportunity. As the weapon was fixed
along the _McClaren’s_ centerline, the ship altered course automatically to
line up her bows with the target.

“Captain?” Sato asked, not believing what the captain was doing. “Captain,
_no, wait-_ ”

“Firing!” Morrison said almost gleefully as he hit the _commit_ button. The
lights dimmed and the entire ship thrummed as the pulse gun fired, sending an
extremely powerful beam of coherent emerald light streaking toward the target.

Unfortunately, when Morrison used the command override, locking Sato’s station
out of the weapon control cycle, he didn’t realize that it would also bypass
the additional target lock cues: he thought that as soon as the commit button
was illuminated, the weapon was locked on target and ready to fire. The second
half of his assumption, that it was ready to fire, was correct, but the
targeting system hadn’t established a hard lock on the enemy ship, and the
_McClaren’s_ angular motion from the gentle turn hadn’t completely stopped.

But an impending miss wasn’t why Sato had tried to stop Morrison from firing.
It was the Alliance starliner that was directly in the weapon’s path, well
beyond the Kreelan cruiser.

Expecting to see the enemy ship burst into a gigantic fireball, the navigator
increased the bridge screen magnification so they could make a damage
assessment. But the Kreelan warship had passed out of view. Now the only thing
that was on the screen was an Alliance starliner and a host of shuttles.

“Oh, my God,” someone whispered into the sudden stillness that took the bridge
as the blast from the pulse cannon sheared off the drive section of the
starliner, splitting the ship in two and sending the wreckage tumbling. Sparks
cascaded from severed electrical conduits and streams of air bled from the
compartments that were now suddenly exposed to hard vacuum. Hundreds of
bodies, clearly visible with the high magnification of the screen, flew from
the wreckage, arms and legs flailing as the blood of the hapless victims
boiled in vacuum. Most of them were soldiers waiting to be ferried to the
surface, and so they had no vacuum suits. Secondary explosions peppered the
side of the ship where the civilian shuttles, still trying to get the rest of
the troops down to the surface, were swatted like flies as the huge hull
twisted out of control.

Sato looked away from the carnage, hating the man who now sat in the captain’s
chair. Morrison’s jaw opened and closed like that of a fish as he fought to
come to grips with what he’d just done. _That’s one screwup he can’t blame on
the crew_ , Sato thought bitterly.

But they clearly weren’t out of it yet.

“ _Incoming from starboard!_ ” Sato cried as he saw a volley of projectiles
erupt from one of the dozen or more ships embroiled in a huge gunfight that
had broken out to the right of _McClaren_. “Recommend coming to course-”

“Belay that!” Morrison shouted, throwing Sato a disgusted look. “I’ll handle
the ship.” With a brief glance at the display, he said, “There’s no way those
rounds will hit us.”

“But sir-”

“ _You are relieved, mister!_ ” The captain screamed at the top of his lungs.
The bridge suddenly became deathly quiet except for half a dozen tactical
alarms clamoring for attention.

His face an iron mask, Sato unbuckled from his seat and came to attention.
“Yes, _sir!_ ” he said before stepping away from his console.

“Bogdanova,” Morrison snapped, “take over tactical.”

Without a word, the young female ensign who normally manned communications
unstrapped from her combat chair and rushed across the bridge. She had even
less experience aboard than Sato, was terrified of the captain, and had very
little time training on the tactical position. She looked up at Sato as she
slipped into his still-warm combat chair, her eyes wide with barely-concealed
terror.

“Get off my bridge, _lieutenant_ ,” the captain ordered tersely.

Giving Bogdanova what he hoped was a reassuring squeeze on her shoulder, Sato
turned to leave.

Morrison took another look at his own tactical display, and came to the sudden
conclusion that the incoming enemy shells were getting uncomfortably close
after all.

“Counter-battery fire, Bogdanova!” Morrison ordered.

Looking desperately at the tactical display, she replied in a hoarse voice,
terrified as much by the captain as the incoming weapons, “We can’t, sir.”

“Goddammit, what do you mean?” he yelled frantically.

“Because, you fucking idiot,” Sato told him, unafraid of the captain’s ire
with death looming so close, “our close-in defense weapons are all lasers, and
you completely drained the energy buffers when you destroyed that starliner
with the pulse cannon.” Horrified realization dawned on Morrison’s face.
“That’s right, captain,” Sato told him quietly. “The lasers are useless until
the energy buffers recharge. Congratulations. You’ve killed us all.”

Two seconds later the enemy salvo hit.

* * *

“Admiral!” the flag communications officer suddenly shouted. “We’ve
established contact with Admiral Lefevre aboard the _Jean Bart_.”

“About bloody time,” Tiernan said, relieved. His fleet had been in-system a
full fifteen minutes, and had managed to clear the remaining Kreelan ships
from the immediate area. Terran losses, surprisingly, had been very light: the
only major casualty had been the destroyer _McClaren_. A part of him, a part
he never would have admitted existed, was almost glad: he had seen _McClaren_
kill the Alliance starliner. If the destroyer’s captain had been alive, he
would have been facing the court martial from hell, and Tiernan would have
been standing ready with the noose to hang the bastard. But that
unpleasantness, at least, was unnecessary: the destroyer’s dead hulk was
adrift among the other shattered hulls. But Tiernan wasn’t looking forward to
the formal apology he needed to render to the Alliance commander. “ _Amiral_
Lefevre,” Tiernan said into the vidcom, “this is Admiral Patrick Tiernan of
the Terran Navy. We are at your disposal, sir.” The last words were hard for
him to say, but he had direct orders from the president: unless he had reason
to believe that his fleet was about to be defeated and had no choice but to
withdraw, he was to place himself under the command of the senior Alliance
officer.

The man who looked back at him from the vidcom smiled. Tiernan thought Lefevre
looked like he’d been through an infantry battle: his face was a mess, and his
uniform was in tatters. But the Alliance admiral’s eyes were bright, and his
expression showed no loss of determination.

_Lefevre wasn’t a quitter_ , Tiernan thought. _That’s got to count for
something_.

“ _Amiral_ Tiernan,” Lefevre said, “you have no idea how welcome is the sight
of your fleet. We had been told there was a chance of Terran support, but...”
He gave a Gallic shrug.

“Sir...” Tiernan began, the next words sticking in his throat, “We have much
to discuss, but first I wish to formally apologize for the destruction of one
of your troopships by a destroyer under my command. I take full
responsibility, and will ensure a thorough investigation-”

“ _Amiral_ Tiernan,” Lefevre said quietly, holding up a hand, “this is a
tragedy, there can be no doubt. But we are at war, and must first ensure that
some of us, at least, survive to worry about such matters. Let it be enough
for now that I accept your apology with the sincerity in which it was
offered.”

“Thank you, sir,” Tiernan said, inwardly relieved. He had only met Lefevre
once during a joint exercise the two navies had held several years ago. He had
been favorably impressed with him then, and was more so now. He couldn’t think
of many Terran admirals who would have taken such a loss with the same
equanimity. “What are your orders, admiral?”

“Our first objective must be to finish clearing the enemy from low orbit,”
Lefevre said decisively. “I believe that with your ships, we can now do that.
Then, perhaps, we may consider our options against the force in high orbit.”
He paused, frowning. “But I must confess, _amiral_ , that I do not understand
the enemy’s tactics or their overall objective.”

“What do you mean, sir?” Tiernan asked.

“They had enough superiority to sweep us from the skies,” Lefevre told him,
his voice filled with a mixture of indignation and anger. “Their ships seem to
be similar enough to ours, not nearly so powerful or advanced as the
information provided us by your attaché indicated from your survey vessel’s
encounter. But...” he pursed his lips and shook his head. “They had a full
two-to-one advantage over us, _amiral_ , plus the advantage of surprise. They
held the high ground with a superior force. They held every major tactical
advantage. Yet...they simply threw it all away. _Pfft_. They fight with great
ferocity and spirit, but it is as if we have been in a giant brawl, not a
modern space battle. They have taken no more than a one-to-one ratio in any of
our engagements, save the first surprise encounter, and seem to prefer to
disable our ships rather than destroy them. They have not molested the
deployment of our troops to the surface, when they have had plenty of
opportunity to do so.” He again shook his head. “Tell me, _amiral_ , who would
possibly turn away from such a target, especially when they must know that I
would have to split away forces to defend the transports? Yet they did. It is
as if they want those troops to land. But for what purpose, I cannot
understand.”

That gave Tiernan pause. He glanced at the flag tactical display and saw that
his four carriers and their destroyer escorts were nearing the drop zones over
Keran. And while there were no Kreelan ships in the immediate vicinity, there
were plenty in higher orbit that could easily have made a play for the
carriers, not to mention all the Alliance starliners that, even after the
hours it had taken Tiernan’s fleet to get here, had still not unloaded all
their troops. In all that time, the only casualty among them had been the one
_McClaren_ had destroyed. He tried not to wince at the thought.

“And then there are the boarding parties,” Lefevre said, his face darkening.
“We did not take this information from your attaché seriously. Who would, in
such an age as this? And we paid the price. We lost fifteen ships to those
devils, including my flagship.” He held fast his expression in front of the
Terran admiral, but Lefevre inwardly shivered at the hell the compartments and
passageways of _Victorieuse_ had become after the Kreelan boarders had
breached the hull.

“That, sir,” Tiernan assured him, “I believe we are prepared to handle.” He
thought of Lieutenant Sato, who had suffered so much to give them the
information that formed the core of the planning and preparation that had been
put into action over the last year, and who now was as dead as the _McClaren_.
He felt a deep sense of bitterness at the young man’s loss. “Every ship in my
task force has Marines aboard, along with a few other surprises for any would-
be boarders. I don’t think we have enough Marines for all of your ships, sir,
but if you like, we have enough to at least put a full platoon aboard each of
your cruisers to help provide some on-board defense.” He hadn’t brought extra
Marines for the purpose of helping the Alliance ships, but he could thin out
the companies aboard his cruisers by a couple of platoons without compromising
the security of his own ships. It was clear from Lefevre’s expression that he
feared the boarders more than anything else. If giving up some Marines would
boost the morale of the French fleet, then it was a small but worthwhile
sacrifice on his part.

“Thank you, _amiral_ ,” Lefevre said, his voice nearly cracking with relief.
“You have no idea how much that would mean to my crews.”

“It’s the least we can do, sir,” Tiernan told him. “If you’ll have your flag
captain coordinate with mine, we’ll have our cutters start transferring the
Marines immediately. And we’d also better see what we can do about integrating
our maneuvering orders and fire control...”


* Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Sixteen{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER SIXTEEN**

  

There had been very few occasions in her career when Steph had questioned her
sanity, but this was definitely one of them. Strapped into a sling chair
aboard an assault boat deployed from the carrier _Subic Bay_ , she felt like
she was on the bobsled ride from hell as the boat plunged from the carrier’s
belly into Keran’s atmosphere. She was one of half a dozen journalists
embedded with the two heavy divisions Tiernan’s fleet had brought along to
shore up Keran’s defenses, and was attached to the headquarters troop of the
7th Cavalry Regiment under the 1st Guards Armored Division. That division was
an odd mix of American and Russian lineage, but together with its sister 31st
Armored Division, which had its roots in the old Indian Army, they were the
best-trained heavy divisions Earth could muster. The 7th Cav, as it was often
known, was famous - or infamous, depending on one’s point of view - as the
last command of General George Armstrong Custer, who led the regiment to
defeat and massacre in the Battle of the Little Bighorn. Traditionally it had
the job of providing reconnaissance and security to its parent division. On
the modern battlefield, the decision had been made many years before to
convert it to a heavy armored brigade. The unit’s traditional title had stuck,
and it had also retained its reputation as one of the first units sent in to
stir up trouble for the enemy.

True to form, the regiment would be the first on the ground on Keran, the lead
element brought in by the assault boats that would then return to the carriers
for a second load. And since they would be on the bleeding edge of the ground
campaign, assuming the Kreelans landed, Steph had immediately decided that she
wanted to be with them.

But now, as the assault boat screamed through the atmosphere, bouncing and
jarring its occupants and cargo like it was flying through a tornado, she had
to wonder just what the hell she had been thinking.

She also wondered about the fleet battle going on above. From the brief
exchange she’d been able to have with the regimental commander before the
boats deployed, the Terran fleet had jumped into the middle of a naval meat
grinder that had already left dozens of burning hulks in its wake. No enemy
ships had maneuvered to intercept the carriers as they raced from their in-
bound jump points to the drop zones over Keran, for which everyone was
thankful. But there were still plenty left that were hitting back at the
Terran fleet and what ships were left of the French Alliance, and Steph felt
herself uncharacteristically worried about Ichiro.

The thought of him gave her a momentary pause from her contemplations of
falling through the atmosphere in the company of a bunch of suicidal cavalry
troopers. What exactly did she feel for Ichiro? she asked herself. While the
two of them had certainly become more than friends, could she say that she
loved him? Even if she did, assuming that both of them survived this, what
could they do about it? Ichiro had made it clear that he wanted to stay in the
Navy, and the war would almost certainly mean extended service for everyone in
the military, and possibly even a draft if the president could get it approved
by Congress. Despite the series of events that had linked her fate to Ichiro’s
over the last year, her own career would no doubt take a separate road from
his. Her being aboard this ship and not with the fleet above them was already
proof enough of that. Looking beyond any love the two of them might share,
even if she decided to settle down and start a family - a bridge she was not
yet prepared to cross - did she want to be a Navy wife, with Ichiro off on
deployment for months at a time?

She frowned inwardly, for she had no answers to those questions. But she cared
enough about him that she felt they needed to have that conversation. If they
mutually decided that they were better off as friends, fine. But she didn’t
want to pass up even a one in a thousand chance that they could be something
more. He was as close as she’d ever come to finding someone who really cared
about her, and she didn’t want to throw it away.

While she was going into harm’s way herself, she silently prayed for the Lord
of All to keep him safe.

* * *

Lieutenant General Arjun Ray was furious. As the commander of the Terran
Army’s I Corps, the parent corps of the two armored divisions now plummeting
toward the surface of Keran, Ray had been given the task of leading the ground
portion of the battle. He was subordinate to Tiernan, who was in overall
command of the expeditionary force, but once the admiral’s carriers got Ray’s
troops to the surface he would largely be on his own. His greatest concern had
been the threat of Kreelan attack against the carriers before his troops could
even hit dirt. But soon after the boats had deployed for the surface he
discovered that he had another battle to fight.

“My apologies, general,” the brigadier of the Keran Defense Forces repeated
sternly, and not sounding very apologetic at all, “but you have no clearance
to land your troops. Our diplomatic service is already sending a démarche to
the Terran embassy here to protest the presence of your fleet.” He shook his
head. “We will not allow, under any circumstances, Terran ground forces to
land on Keran soil.”

“My god, man, do you have any idea what is happening right over your heads?”
Ray asked him, trying desperately to rein in his anger. “The Alliance Fleet
has taken serious losses and may very well not be able to prevent the enemy
from attempting a landing if they should choose to. If we don’t get our troops
on the ground now and consolidate our defenses, we may not get another chance.
I’ll speak to the Alliance commander and try to get him to convince you-”

“General,” the brigadier rudely interrupted, enjoying the opportunity to tweak
a superior officer from another planet’s service, “the Alliance has no say in
this matter. They are here simply for exercises with our own navy. We have
received no reports of enemy activity-”

“ _I can hear the bloody raid warning sirens going off in the background of
your transmission, you idiot!_ ” Ray shouted, finally losing his temper. He
had already been in contact with Ambassador Pugacheva of the Terran Embassy
and so had some idea of the disarray the Keran government was in at the
moment. But this was simply too much. Calmly dickering with this imbecile
while strapped into a combat chair in an assault boat as it screamed toward
the surface was simply beyond the patience of anyone but a saint. “Brigadier,
let me make this clear to you,” he said through gritted teeth. “I am landing
my troops at the coordinates we sent you earlier, with the intention of taking
up positions on the left flank of the Alliance Foreign Legion troops that have
deployed on the outskirts of Foshan.”

Foshan was the largest population center on the planet, although the planetary
capital was a smaller city to the north. It was a bustling metropolis that had
a nearly perfect balance between the Arabic and Chinese populations. The city
center had an impressive skyline of high-rise office buildings sporting garish
video banners, countered by the graceful spires of minarets from the many
mosques that lined the downtown area. The city’s main roads radiated from the
downtown area like spokes of a wheel, serving a colorful hodgepodge of
neighborhoods and shopping districts that were a mix of pagoda-style buildings
and white- or tan-faced stone structures with intricate scrollwork that were
typical of many of Earth’s cities in what was once the Middle East.

Ray knew that three more French divisions would be deploying to Foshan, while
the remaining five would be divided up among the three other largest
population centers. It was scant coverage in terms of defending against a
planetary assault, but it was all they had to work with. They would be
leavened with men from the Keran paramilitary forces, but that was about all
the support the off-world troops could expect. Like their navy, the Keran
military had little actual combat capability, amounting to a total of three
light infantry brigades and some antiquated aerospace defense systems.

“And let me make sure that you understand something,” Ray continued. “You are
dealing with the commander of two heavy armored divisions. If my troops or the
assault boats transporting them are molested in any way by Keran forces,” he
growled as he leaned closer to the video pickup, “I will have those divisions
blow you little fuckers to bits and grind what’s left into fertilizer. Do I
make myself clear, _brigadier?_ ”

The other man’s darker skin, be it from Chinese or Arab descent, Ray could not
have cared less, visibly paled. Beyond the insult, he must have immediately
come to the conclusion that Ray wasn’t bluffing. On that count, he would have
been quite correct. “I will let my commander know that you intend to force a
landing on our sovereign soil,” he protested with as much indignation as he
could muster, “and convey your threats against our forces. And I will lodge
the strongest possible protest with your embassy, general!”

“Go right ahead, you little bastard,” Ray spat dismissively as he killed the
connection. “Just don’t get in my way.”

* * *

_Lieutenant-Colonel_ Lev Stepanovich Grishin, commander of the _Première_
_Régiment étranger de cavalerie_ , or _1er REC_ , of the Alliance _Légion
étrangère_ watched with professional interest as the Terran assault boats
swept down to their drop sites to the south of his unit’s position. He had
briefly listened to the local Keran military liaison rant about the Terran
“invasion” and orders he had for Grishin to fire on the boats before they
landed. Making no attempt to conceal his contempt, Grishin kicked the fool out
of his command vehicle and had him escorted out of the regiment’s defense
perimeter. He knew that not all Keran military officers were idiots, but there
were enough in key positions to be causing trouble when they desperately
needed to be pulling themselves together. The Legion operations staff had been
keeping track of the hammering that the Alliance fleet had taken, and Grishin
himself had given up a cheer when the Terran ships had appeared. While the
Legion had been his home for nearly twenty years and he fully expected to die
in uniform, he would prefer that he and his men not be wasted unnecessarily by
incompetent bureaucrats.

“Have we made contact with them?” he asked his adjutant.

“Yes, sir,” the man replied immediately. “We can only speak in the clear, _mon
colonel_. The communications security systems are not compatible. Their
commander is waiting to speak with you.”

Nodding, Grishin spoke, his voice picked up by the tiny microphone embedded in
his helmet. “Terran ground commander,” he said, “this is _Lieutenant-Colonel_
Grishin, commander of the First Cavalry Regiment of the Alliance Foreign
Legion. To whom am I speaking, please?”

“ _Bonjour_ , colonel,” came a gravelly voice that was unmistakably from the
American South. While he appreciated the gesture, Grishin winced at the man’s
pronunciation of the traditional French greeting, hoping that the Terran
officer would prefer to speak English. While his own French carried an
unmistakable Russian accent, it was pure Parisian compared to this man’s
speech. “This is Colonel James Sparks, commanding the 7th Cavalry Regiment,
1st Guards Armored Division. We’re going to be operating on your left flank,
and I wanted to stop by and coordinate our lines and fire plans with you, if I
may.”

“Certainly, colonel,” Grishin told him. “My command post is at-” he read off
some coordinates, “-and I will be waiting for you.”

“Thank you, colonel,” Sparks said. “I’ll be there in ten minutes. Sparks,
out.”

Grishin looked at his adjutant, who shrugged. “At least they will have tanks,”
his adjutant said. “That must count for something...”

Exactly ten minutes later, Grishin tried to keep the dismay from showing on
his face as the Terran regimental commander dismounted from the wheeled
reconnaissance vehicle that had pulled up in front of Grishin’s mobile command
post. Sparks looked as if he had walked off the set of an ancient American
“western” movie. While he was dressed in the standard combat uniform of the
Terran Army, the wiry man wore a cowboy-style black cavalry officer’s hat
replete with an insignia of crossed sabers and a gold acorn band, along with a
matching bright yellow ascot showing from the vee of the neck of his combat
tunic. And under his left arm, carried in a matte black leather shoulder
holster, was the biggest handgun Grishin had ever seen. The huge weapon was
nickel plated with contoured grips that he would have wagered a month’s pay
were made of mother-of-pearl.

But the most ridiculous thing, Grishin thought, aghast, was what the Terran
wore on the heels of his boots: riding spurs, which made a _ching-ching-ching_
sound as the Terran colonel strode purposefully toward him.

The man was simply outrageous.

“ _Mon Dieu_ ,” Grishin’s adjutant whispered, desperately trying to hold his
face rigid and not burst out laughing.

Grishin shared the sentiment right up until the moment that Sparks took off
his sunglasses and tucked them in a pocket as he drew to within hand-shaking
distance. While Grishin did not believe that the eyes told everything about a
man, in some cases they could tell a great deal. And in this case, Sparks’s
piercing blue eyes and no-nonsense expression told him what he needed to know.
A Hollywood dandy, this man might be. But Grishin suspected, and greatly
hoped, that he was a formidable combat commander, as well.

Rendering a sharp salute, Grishin said formally, “On behalf of the men of the
_1er Régiment étranger de cavalerie_ , I welcome you, sir.”

Sparks snapped a salute that was parade-ground perfect, then said, “Thank you,
colonel. I appreciate the hospitality.” As Grishin lowered his salute and
shook the Terran colonel’s extended hand, noting how strong the smaller man’s
grip was, Sparks went on, “But if it’s all the same to you, I suggest we get
down to business over a glass of whiskey.” Like magic, he produced a small
silver-plated flask and held it up with a devilish grin on his face.

Grishin could no longer help himself. Laughing, he gestured for Sparks to
accompany him into the command post. “Come, colonel,” he told Sparks. “If you
have whiskey, there’s no time to lose...”

* * *

Steph stood in the background, recording the coordination session and making
verbal notes as she watched the two commanders and their small staffs huddle
around the map display in Grishin’s command vehicle. Of the two men, she
wasn’t sure which one was more unusual. Sparks was outwardly an extreme
stereotype of the romantic cavalryman, but even in the short time she had been
with his unit she had discovered that the men and women who served in his
regiment would go to hell and back for him without a second thought. He was
polite, thoughtful, and unquestionably loved the men and women who served
under him as if they were family. But he could also be ruthless and absolutely
merciless to those he found lacking in the will to do their best, or who in
any way dishonored his regiment. And from hearing him speak, ruthless and
merciless would be the lead traits of his personality that he planned to
direct at the enemy.

Grishin, on the other hand, appeared to be what one might expect of a
competent colonel in any army, with a very significant exception: of the
twenty regiments of the _Légion étrangère_ , he was the only regimental
commander not seconded from one of the Alliance armies. One of those
exceedingly rare individuals who had worked his way up the ranks from a lowly
legionnaire to commander of a combat regiment, Grishin was a veteran of the
St. Petersburg war. In fact, he had joined the Legion right after the
armistice, and rumor had it that he was one of the few communists who had
managed to escape the final destruction of the Red Army. But in the Legion, no
one cared. His past, whatever it truly was, was left behind and gone. And if
he was good enough to make it through the political battlefield that
controlled Legion officer assignments, then maybe he would be a good match for
the Kreelans, as well.

Turning her attention back to the discussion around the map table, she heard
Sparks say, “Our biggest problem as I see it is intelligence. We have
absolutely no idea what we may be up against, or which direction they’ll be
coming from.”

“Surely, sir,” said Grishin’s adjutant, “they’ll have to come from the south,
over here.” Foshan was situated in a forested area, with the western side of
the city along the shore of one of Keran’s freshwater seas. On the map, the
adjutant indicated a large open area in the forest to the south. “That’s the
only decent nearby landing zone that’s not in direct sight of our weapons
here. There just aren’t many other choices unless they want to drop right into
the city, which...” He shrugged. “That would make no sense to me, but I do not
know how they think.”

“That is the problem,” Grishin sighed. “We have no idea what they might do,
what they could do. And what if they do drop directly into the city? Our tanks
are made for fighting in the open. In the city they would be very vulnerable
without more infantry support. And half of Foshan’s streets are too narrow for
our tanks, let alone yours.” The Alliance-made wheeled light tanks that were
used by the _1er REC_ were not terribly dissimilar from vehicles used long in
the past, for a very simple reason: the combination of mobility, lightness,
and firepower was extremely effective for the types of low-tech opponents the
Legion typically faced. The Terran heavy armor units, by contrast, were
equipped with vehicles that weighed upward of one hundred metric tons and were
marvels of every facet of human engineering. They were incredibly powerful,
well-protected, and amazingly fast for something so heavy, but were totally
out of their element in close-in street fighting.

“Yeah,” Sparks agreed grimly. “We’d have to blow half the goddamn city down
just to move through it. On the other hand, we’re cavalry: if we have to
dismount, every trooper in my regiment’s got a rifle and he knows how to use
it.”

Grishin thought it would be ridiculous to use tank crews as infantry, but as
far as he could tell, Sparks wasn’t joking.

“Mobility has to be the key,” Sparks said, finally. “It’s the only thing we’ve
got against so many unknowns. And the first thing I’d recommend,” he went on,
“would be to send a company of tanks forward, with some of your men, colonel,
as guides, to this nice open patch your adjutant pointed out. That way if our
friends do show up there, we can give them a warm welcome.”

Thinking it over, Grishin nodded. It wouldn’t cost them anything, since they
had absolutely no idea what the enemy might do. If the Kreelans did try to
land there, one of the 7th Cav’s tank companies could give them a difficult
time. “I agree, colonel,” he told him. “I will detach one of my reconnaissance
teams to you: they have been out to that area several times and know the route
and commanding terrain well.”

“Outstanding,” Sparks told him. “My tanks will be outside your door here in
thirty minutes. You’ll know they’re here when the ground starts shaking.” He
held out his hand. “Colonel, it’s been a pleasure, and I’ll definitely be in
touch. But I need to get back to get the rest of my regiment squared away.”

“My pleasure, sir,” Grishin told him, meaning it, as he shook the Terran
cavalryman’s hand and they once again exchanged salutes. “We will be standing
by.”

On the brief trip back to the reconnaissance vehicle that had brought them
over, Steph walked beside Sparks. The two staff officers who’d accompanied him
were walking behind, already setting the colonel’s orders into motion over the
comm sets built into their uniform harnesses. She saw a look of unusual
concern on his face. “Colonel,” she asked quietly, “may I ask what you’re
thinking?”

He glanced over at her. “On or off the record?” he asked sharply.

That took her by surprise. One of the whole points of having journalists
embedded with the forward units was that everything was “on the record” unless
it might compromise the safety of friendly troops.

“Okay, colonel,” she said guardedly as they reached the vehicle and she turned
to face him. “Let’s start with off the record.”

Taking a look around them, with the city behind and the dense forest in front
that led to the hills protecting the possible landing zone, he told her,
“Unless I’m badly mistaken or the enemy really disappoints me, we may be in
for the biggest defeat since Custer got his ass handed to him at the Little
Big Horn.”

“ _What?_ ” Steph blurted. Sparks’s comment was totally out of place from what
she’d understood of his conversation with Grishin. “Why?”

“Listen, Miss Guillaume,” he told her, beckoning her to the front of the
vehicle and away from the droning of his staff officers as they continued
issuing orders, “this is probably the first battle in modern history where at
least one side - that would be us - knows virtually nothing about the enemy.
_Nothing_. We don’t know jack about their weapons, tactics, motivations,
objectives: zippo. For Christ’s sake, we don’t even know what they look like
aside from what that young boy Sato could tell us. And if you don’t understand
what your opponent wants, it’s pretty damned hard to keep him, or her, in this
case, I suppose, from getting it. And because we don’t understand them, we
can’t take the initiative and force the battle on our terms: we can only make
assumptions about what they want and try to prepare for it, react to what they
do. But all our assumptions could be wrong. For all I know they might just
start dropping nukes on the cities here and be done with it. Or what if they
use a biological weapon? For the love of God, they attacked the French ships
with boarding parties, just like Sato said they did to the _Aurora_. Who the
devil would expect such a thing in this day and age? And the French paid the
price for it from the reports I saw on the way down: they lost over a dozen
ships just to that. And the enemy could do something as unexpected here that
will throw us totally off-balance. We just don’t know. And that just bothers
the hell out of me.” He dug his heel in the ground in a sign of frustration.
“So we’re all just guinea pigs right now, I guess,” he sighed. “We just have
to wait for them to show up at the party and take the lead.”

Steph couldn’t say that what Sparks said made her happy, but she understood
his point well enough. “Well,” she prompted, “how about what you think _on_
the record?”

He looked at her, his blue eyes bright and his mouth set in a hard line. “
_On_ the record, if those alien witches come down here looking for trouble,
the 7th Cav will be damned happy to oblige them.”


* Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Seventeen{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER SEVENTEEN**

  

Having bled the humans in low orbit to her content, Tesh-Dar withdrew the
remainder of her ships to the larger formation in orbit near the planet’s
moons. In part it was to give some rest to her crews; in part it was to see
what the humans would do. Taking into account the losses each side had
suffered, plus the recently arrived human ships, the two fleets had rough
parity numerically. She was curious to see if the humans would try and take
the initiative and attack her formation. Thus far, they had been content to
consolidate their hold of lower orbit space and cover the vulnerable troop
transports as they finally finished disgorging their cargoes of warriors and
war machines. Tesh-Dar made no effort to intercept the huge ships as they
broke from orbit for their jump points: killing them would offer no challenge.
Her main interest now lay in the troops they had sent down to the surface.

In the meantime, she had sent some of her smaller warships to recover as many
warriors as possible from the hulks adrift in the system, both from Imperial
ships that had been destroyed and from human ships her warriors had boarded.
Only two of the recovery ships had been molested when they probed overly close
to the human formation, but they had escaped easily enough. She was happily
surprised to see that so many of her warriors, particularly those who had
boarded the human ships, had survived. She was especially relieved to see that
Li’ara-Zhurah remained alive. A blood daughter of the Empress, she was a fine
warrior who had well-proven her honor this day. Tesh-Dar had known Li’ara-
Zhurah since she had arrived from the nursery world to enter training at Tesh-
Dar’s _kazha_ , the school of the Way that focused on the teachings of the
Desh-Ka. She had fought well against what was clearly a set of fine opponents
on the human ship she had boarded. Tesh-Dar had been most pleased.

“My priestess,” Li’ara-Zhurah asked, flexing her arm where the healers had
repaired the bullet wound in her arm, “I would request the honor of the first
wave to attack the surface.”

Tesh-Dar turned to look at her. “Child, have you not had enough this day?” she
asked gently. While she wanted to give her warriors every possible chance to
prove themselves and bring honor to the Empress, she did not want to waste
them needlessly. Despite the power of the Bloodsong and the primal need to
fight that was ingrained in her people, she knew quite well the physical toll
that combat exacted. And what Li’ara-Zhurah had survived this day had been
brutal, even by Kreelan standards.

The younger warrior averted her eyes. “My apologies, priestess,” she
whispered, her voice quivering. “But my blood burns now as never before, even
during the Challenge in the arena. I cannot see or think beyond it. It
consumes me.”

Tesh-Dar understood quite well. The Bloodsong, the spiritual bond that tied
their race together and to the Empress, was normally like the sound of the sea
washing upon the shore, a ceaseless background murmuring that every one of Her
Children sensed since birth. In times of heightened passion, particularly
during personal combat in the arena during one of the many Challenges that the
warriors faced in life, the Bloodsong burned like holy fire. It could be
harnessed and channelled by some, as if it were a source of spiritual
adrenaline. To those like Tesh-Dar, who had a vastly greater understanding,
the Bloodsong was far more: it was a spiritual river that bound the living
even unto the spirits of the dead. It was through the Bloodsong that those
such as she could even sense the Ancient Ones, the warriors of the spirit who
had passed from life. For they, too, were bound to the Empress and Her will.

But this feeling of which Li’ara-Zhurah spoke was something more. It was the
intensity of so many warriors engaged in life-and-death struggles in such a
short time, triggering an emotional tidal wave surging through the Bloodsong
that had begun to overwhelm some of the younger warriors. Not just here, but
throughout the Empire, for the Bloodsong was universal. The effect of the
emotional surge on Tesh-Dar had been profound, but as a priestess gifted with
powers that even most of her disciples would not understand, she was easily
able to control it. The younger ones would adapt in time, as well, for this
war would likely go on for many cycles, but they would need help now that only
the senior priestesses and clawless mistresses could provide. The healers who
had studied the Books of Time recounting earlier encounters with other
sentient species had told Tesh-Dar and the other priestesses that this would
likely happen, and had prepared them to deal with it.

“Come to me, child,” Tesh-Dar said gently as she stood up from her command
chair. “Do not kneel,” she said as Li’ara-Zhurah made to kneel down before
her. “Stand. Try as best you can to clear your mind.”

“I...cannot, my priestess,” she said softly, her eyes fixed on the deck at her
feet. “My thoughts tumble as if caught in a great storm, beyond my control.”

“I understand,” Tesh-Dar told her as she brought her hands up to rest on
either side of Li’ara-Zhurah’s face. The young warrior sighed at her touch,
her body shivering involuntarily. Tesh-Dar closed her eyes and focused her
concentration on the young woman’s spirit, seeing it as a ghostly image,
glowing brightly in her mind. Her spirit appeared to be caught in the center
of a storm that made it flutter like a pennant snapping in a stiff wind. With
the power of her own will, using her control of the Bloodsong, Tesh-Dar forced
the storm to quiet, to be still. Her ears heard a shuddering sigh from Li’ara-
Zhurah’s lips, and her arms felt the caress of the young warrior’s hands as
the two of them stood locked in a spiritual embrace for but a moment that
itself was timeless.

Looking deeper still into the young warrior’s spirit in that infinite moment,
Tesh-Dar discovered another reason for Li’ara-Zhurah’s spiritual confusion:
her time for breeding would again soon be upon her. Among their race, the need
to mate was far more than a physiological condition, for it had its roots in
an ancient curse of the spirit. As decreed by the First Empress many
generations before, the clawless ones and those warriors with black talons had
to mate every great cycle of the Empress Moon or they would die in terrible
agony. Those like Tesh-Dar, who were born sterile, could only stand as silent
witnesses to the continuity of their species, at least for the few centuries
they had left. A part of Tesh-Dar deeply lamented that she could never bear
children. But another part secretly rejoiced, for the act of consummation was
not a pleasant affair: the males of their species, cursed along with the
females by the First Empress so very long ago, now only existed as mindless
tools for mating. And having done so once, they died in great pain, without
even understanding what was happening to them, or why.

Pushing away those melancholy thoughts, she brought herself back to the
pleasant warmth of the spiritual embrace she shared with Li’ara-Zhurah,
letting it wash away the sense of despair that had momentarily taken hold of
her heart.

And then it was done. Taking in a deep breath, Tesh-Dar opened her eyes and
lowered her hands from the young woman’s face, as Li’ara-Zhurah reluctantly
released her light grip on Tesh-Dar’s arms. The young warrior stood still for
another moment, as if meditating, before opening her eyes. She met Tesh-Dar’s
gaze for a few beats of her heart, then lowered them in reverence.

“Thank you, my priestess,” Li’ara-Zhurah breathed, the churning storm in her
soul now stilled, Tesh-Dar’s power echoing through her veins like the ripples
of a great stone cast into a shallow pond.

“It is Her will,” Tesh-Dar told her gently. “Go now. Eat and rest to restore
your body. Then I will grant your wish.” Turning to the display that showed
the human deployments on the surface of the planet, at least what could be
gleaned from the sensors of her ships in high orbit, she said, “You will
accompany me in the attack on the planet.”

* * *

Tiernan had no idea why the Kreelans had offered the humans a respite, their
fleet now brooding in high orbit, but he and Lefevre had tried to put it to
good use. The Terran fleet’s Marines had been redistributed to provide some
protection for the Alliance ships, and the Marines themselves had sorted out
how to get at least a fire team aboard every single French ship, with a short
platoon on each of the surviving cruisers. While Tiernan hesitated to use the
example, the Terran Marines had been welcomed aboard the French ships like
American troops must have been when they helped liberate France herself during
the Second World War.

After dropping off the Marines, the cutters began to search through the
scattered debris and hulks looking for any survivors. They found a few from
some of the destroyed Alliance ships, but not very many.

The senior engineers of the two fleets had been working non-stop on trying to
integrate the different data-link systems since the low-orbit battle had been
decided. But that was a problem that could only be solved by the system
designers working together: there were too many safeguards and security
measures built into each system to allow any field expedient integration
measures. So the admirals and captains had to rely on basic voice and video
communications to relay orders and information to one another. It was a
dangerous way to handle things in modern space combat, where the tactical
situation could change completely in a matter of seconds, but they had no
other choice.

On the ground, things were much the same. Tiernan had just spoken to General
Ray, who reported that his divisions had deployed without incident (aside from
the diplomatic démarche, which the ambassador was handling planetside), and
were taking up defensive positions as best they could, given that they had no
idea from where or how the Kreelans might attack. The Legion troops had been
very accommodating, even before Lefevre issued their _Général de division_
very explicit orders about coordinating with the Terrans.

As with their naval counterparts, the ground forces had been completely
frustrated in trying to get the data-link systems to talk to one another. This
was perhaps even more critical for the ground units because the Terran forces
had heavy artillery and aerospace defense weapons that could be used to help
support the neighboring Legion regiments, which themselves had few such
weapons. Without effective integration of their combat data networks to share
intelligence and targeting information, however, the overall effectiveness of
employing the Terran heavy weapons outside of their own formations was going
to be significantly degraded.

Tiernan, though, was most concerned about one thing: taking the initiative.
Aside from the initial surprise his fleet had given them upon emergence, the
Kreelans had largely enjoyed a free ride in how the battle had been fought.
Now that the two opposing fleets had rough parity in numbers and tonnage, he
and Lefevre intended to take the fight to the enemy.

The Kreelans, however, demonstrated an impeccable sense of timing.

“They’re moving, sir!” the flag tactical officer reported, pointing to a sheaf
of red icons that was separating away from the main body of the Kreelan fleet.

Tiernan held his breath. The temptation of some would have been to curse that
the Kreelans had acted out of turn. But if they were splitting their forces,
it might give him and Lefevre an opportunity to defeat them, concentrating
their own massed squadrons against either smaller Kreelan force.

After a few minutes of watching the new trajectory traces on the tactical
display, Tiernan cursed. It was clear where the Kreelan ships, sixty-seven of
them, almost all of them cruiser-sized, were heading: directly for Keran.

* * *

“Fight them as you would, Amar-Marakh,” Tesh-Dar said to the image of the
senior shipmistress, a warrior priestess of the Ima’il-Kush order who remained
with the formation in high orbit as she herself led the other ships in the
first wave of the planetary assault. She knew that the shipmistresses had
chafed somewhat at not being allowed to fight unfettered in the initial
battles; Tesh-Dar was not unsympathetic, but it had been necessary at the
time. But now, as the battle was about to open on the ground, she saw no
reason to hold back anymore in the fighting that must erupt once more in
space. The humans had proven themselves capable opponents, and would be
treated as such. “We have bled them to learn what we would, and to give them
the opportunity to do so, as well. Now challenge them to survive.”

“Yes, my priestess,” Amar-Marakh answered, clearly pleased. In the first
battles, the ships had been used mainly to get the boarders close to their
targets. Now they would be used to their fullest. “We are moving to engage
now.”

Tesh-Dar nodded. “In Her name, let it be so...”

* * *

“Admiral,” Tiernan said, addressing Lefevre, “I believe our best choice would
be to move to intercept the enemy ships heading toward the surface.”

“I agree, _amiral_ ,” Lefevre said at once over the vidcom. He, too, had seen
the opportunity opened by the Kreelans splitting their forces. Attacking the
group heading toward the planet was certainly the optimal choice: the human
forces would have the advantage of being higher in the gravity well and a
nearly three to one advantage in tonnage. Being able to intercept the enemy
before they could land troops on the ground was simply icing on the cake. “I
recommend that we-”

“Admiral,” Tiernan’s flag captain said tensely.

Tiernan told Lefevre, “Just a moment, admiral,” and turned to see what was
going on. His flag captain merely pointed at the tactical display, which now
showed the larger Kreelan force reforming and starting to move. “Admiral
Lefevre, are you seeing this?” Tiernan asked.

“ _Oui_ ,” Lefevre said gravely. “Shall we make a wager that they are headed
our way?”

Tiernan snorted. “No takers here on that one, sir. You know bloody well they
are.” He didn’t need the tactical computer’s analysis for that. Taking a
closer look at the trajectory for the enemy formation heading for the planet
and doing some mental projections, he said, “So, do we go meet them head-to-
head, or do we play a hand that’s a bit riskier?”

Lefevre smiled. He had known Tiernan only this short time, but already had
come to like the man. “Tell me what you have in mind, _amiral_.”

* * *

Senior shipmistress Amar-Marakh hissed as she saw the human ships begin to
deploy. Her reaction was not one of fear, but of annoyance. She had wanted to
meet the human fleet head-on, but it was clear the humans had something else
in mind. The great staggered wedges of their fleet were arrowing toward the
planet, plunging downward with the clear intent of intercepting Tesh-Dar’s
force.

“I see them,” came Tesh-Dar’s voice, as if the great priestess had read Amar-
Marakh’s mind. “They come for us.”

“We cannot intercept them before they reach you,” Amar-Marakh warned. “They
will have superiority.”

Tesh-Dar shook her head. “They will not reach us,” she reassured her senior
shipmistress. “They are thinking in terms of their own vessels, not of ours.
Be prepared for them when they realize their mistake and climb to engage you.”

Amar-Marakh saluted and said only, “As you command, Tesh-Dar.”

* * *

“We’re missing something,” Tiernan murmured to himself. The combined human
fleet was speeding toward the planet on a course that would intercept the
Kreelan ships now plunging down for what Tiernan believed could only be a
planetary assault.

It was a perfect opportunity: the Kreelan ships would have to sail close to
Keran to drop their troops. The human fleet would be in a perfect position to
smash the enemy ships as they climbed up away from the planet, struggling
against gravity. The combination of superior firepower and tactical
positioning should let them pound the Kreelans into scrap, he had thought.
Then the human fleet could deal with the larger enemy force still holding near
Keran’s moons.

It had been a good plan.

Except it wasn’t going to work. With a sudden shock he realized why: the
Kreelan ships were heading in too low. Tiernan had thought the streamlined
nature of the enemy vessels was merely an alien aesthetic preference. Now he
realized that they were streamlined for a specific reason: the aerodynamic
shape, no doubt combined with more powerful electromagnetic shields and high-
heat alloys so the ships could withstand the heat of reentry, would allow them
to enter atmosphere and drop their troops without the need for assault boats.
Not only that, but they’d likely be able to bring the main weapons of the
ships to bear on ground targets, which put the human troops in extreme
jeopardy.

“Get me Admiral Lefevre,” he ordered the flag communications officer.

“ _Oui_ , _Amiral_ Tiernan?” Lefevre answered immediately.

“They surprised us again,” Tiernan told him. “Those ships are going to enter
the atmosphere, possibly even land.” Looking at the tactical plot, he shook
his head. “I don’t think we’ll be able to catch them.”

Lefevre frowned and spoke to someone off to the side. A moment later he said,
“I agree with your assessment of their intentions, my friend,” he said, “but
not that we cannot catch them. If we depress our trajectory slightly and
increase our speed, we should be able to give them a broadside at extreme
range as we pass.”

_Ticonderoga’s_ flag tactical officer, who was speaking at the same time with
his counterpart on Lefevre’s flag bridge aboard the _Jean Bart_ , brought up a
new set of navigation traces on the display. Tiernan saw that there was
absolutely no margin for error. Even under the best of circumstances, it was
likely that at least some of his ships were going to sustain damage from
contact with the upper fringes of Keran’s atmosphere. “That’s cutting it
awfully close, admiral,” he said.

“It is, _amiral_ ,” Lefevre replied grimly. “But if the Kreelans are able to
use their ships to fire directly on our ground forces...” He shook his head:
the troops on the planet would not stand a chance.

“Agreed, sir,” Tiernan said, the decision made for lack of any better choices.
“My navigation officer is uploading the new maneuvering orders to our ships.
We’ll await your signal to execute.”

“Stand by,” Lefevre told him as he waited for his own flag tactical officer to
do the same. “Now, _amiral_.”

Tiernan nodded to his tactical officer, who flashed the instructions to the
rest of the fleet over the data-link. As one, the four dozen ships of
Tiernan’s force and the hundred-odd remaining ships of Lefevre’s fleet
accelerated and nosed down even further toward Keran.

Satisfied that the maneuver had been executed properly, Tiernan turned to his
communications officer. “Get me General Ray immediately,” he told him.
“There’s a lot of bad news headed his way.”

* * *

“Sir, let me make sure I understand you properly,” Ray said, fighting his
disbelief. “They are bringing a force of cruisers and destroyers _into_ the
atmosphere?”

“That’s right, general,” Tiernan’s image said from the vidcom. “There’s no
question of it at this point: they have sixty-seven ships inbound, and
trajectory projections have a good third of them coming your way.”

“Do we have any estimates of how many troops these ships might carry,” Ray
asked, looking helplessly at his operations and intelligence staff officers,
who both had mortified expressions on their faces, “or what weapons they have
to hit us with?”

“We don’t know anything about troop capacity, general,” Tiernan answered, “but
the larger ships are roughly the size of the _Ticonderoga_ here. If they
really crammed warriors in like sardines, they might be able to fit a thousand
or so in each ship over and above what we estimate for the crew complement.
But that would be a damn tight squeeze. I’m figuring not more than a couple of
divisions’ worth, and they’ll be spread out fairly thin based on the
trajectories we’re seeing.

“As for the weapons,” Tiernan went on grimly, “that we have more information
on based on the fighting we’ve been through up here. At a minimum, expect
heavy rapid-fire kinetics in the twenty centimeter range and lasers that can
kill destroyers. They have a variety of lighter weapons, but those are the
ones to worry about.”

Ray sat back at the admiral’s understatement. Twenty centimeter shipboard
kinetics were equivalent to heavy artillery on the ground, and the naval guns
could spit out half a dozen rounds that size in a few seconds. Per tube. And
cruisers mounted roughly a dozen such weapons. The lasers were as lethal: any
laser that could burn through the hull of a destroyer, even at close range,
would be more than a match for his tanks. And he had absolutely nothing that
he could fight back with except his tanks in direct fire mode: all of his
heavy aerospace defense weapons were intended to hit much smaller targets. He
could, and would, fire them against ships in the atmosphere, but they would
need incredible luck to get past their point defenses. Even if the weapons
hit, they would cause little damage to a destroyer, let alone a cruiser. His
real concern was the tanks: if he used them to attack the ships, they would
become easy targets themselves. “This will make things a bit more exciting
than we had planned, admiral,” Ray deadpanned.

Managing a mirthless smile, Tiernan told him, “I know. Listen, Arun, we’ll do
everything we can to screw up their day as they ingress. But the geometry is
against us and a lot of them are going to get through. They’re going to have a
big advantage in firepower, yes, but hopefully they won’t be able to mass
enough warriors anywhere to achieve local superiority over your troops.”

It was Ray’s turn to smile. Like a shark. “Even if they do achieve local
superiority somewhere in our sector,” he said, “that just gives my tanks more
targets to shoot at.”

* * *

Tesh-Dar watched as the human ships adjusted their trajectory. “More credit
are they due,” she murmured approvingly. The human leader was clearly taking a
major risk: while she - or would it be a _he_ , she wondered? - would
temporarily be safe from the rest of Tesh-Dar’s fleet, their ungainly ships
could easily suffer damage, and possibly destruction, from the upper
atmosphere. Their strategy, however, held merit: while they would not be able
to force a decisive engagement with Tesh-Dar’s ships, they would nonetheless
have a single pass where they would be able to bring most, if not all, of
their weapons to bear, but Tesh-Dar could not. Her ships would already be
committed to reentry and would only be able to employ those weapons mounted on
the upper hull.

Her shipmistress _humphed_ appreciatively, flexing her fingers, her talons
digging grooves into the palms of the armored gauntlets she wore. “Courage,
they lack not,” Elai-Tura’an, the shipmistress of Tesh-Dar’s flagship, said.
“It seems we will have to pass through a rain of fire to reach the surface.”

“A fitting way to begin the battle on the ground, is it not?” Tesh-Dar said as
the ship began to roll and shudder as it kissed the outer fringes of Keran’s
atmosphere. “Alert the warriors that they may be prepared.”

“In Her name,” Elai-Tura’an said as she saluted, “it shall be so.”

Turning her attention back to the tactical display, Tesh-Dar watched the
rapidly approaching human ships, eagerly anticipating the coming clash.


* Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Eighteen{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER EIGHTEEN**

  

“Shit,” Sparks cursed vehemently as he got off the vidcom with General Ray.
The Terran ground forces commander had just held a remote conference with his
division and brigade commanders. It had been brief and brutally to the point.
“We’ve got incoming heavies, people,” he told his staff, nodding toward the
tactical display embedded in the forward wall of the command vehicle’s
tactical center. Traces of the Kreelan ships racing for the surface were being
echoed from the _Ticonderoga_ , and a good twenty of them were headed toward
Foshan where the Terran divisions and some of their Alliance counterparts were
deployed. “We need to get our vehicles under cover, pronto, and get the
regiment ready for full EMCON on my command.”

While the vehicles, particularly the tanks, provided a huge amount of
firepower, they had one major tactical drawback: they were so large that they
were extremely difficult to conceal. With the sensors carried by warships, the
Kreelans would have no difficulty finding armored vehicles out in the open.
And if they could find them, they could kill them.

As for going to full EMCON - emission control, or “radio silence” as it was
once known - Sparks had argued during the vidcom with General Ray that it
would be more advantageous to minimize the electromagnetic signature generated
by the various data-link systems that networked the units together. Every
single vehicle and soldier was networked to help provide a much greater sense
of situational awareness of the battlefield and to coordinate their weapons
use. It was a tremendous force multiplier, but it was also a major
vulnerability if the enemy could use it to help pinpoint the locations of
their units. Worse, many commanders had become so dependent on the rich
battlefield detail provided by the networked warfare concept that if the
network was lost, they would be, too. That was one of the reasons that Sparks
routinely trained his men and women in how to fight under severely degraded
network and communications conditions, to the point where his vehicle
commanders knew how to use signal flags to communicate basic information and
orders to one another. Most of Sparks’s contemporaries thought he was insane,
but no one could contest his results: his brigade was consistently at the top
of the corps’ combat readiness ratings.

In the end, General Ray had said, “Sparks, I agree there is a risk. But I feel
the advantage we gain from the network outweighs the potential weakness.”

And that, as the saying went, was that. Sparks wasn’t happy about it, but he
was a soldier who knew how to follow orders. But he was going to make sure his
troopers were ready to take their data-links off the air if necessary.

“Sir,” his operations officer asked, a puzzled expression on his face as he
looked at the map display of the regiment’s area, “where the devil do we have
our people hide? We’ve got some forest cover to the front, for what little
that might be worth. Other than that, the only place to find cover would be to
drive into the buildings...” He tapered off, looking at Sparks’s expression.
“You don’t really mean...”

“I do,” Sparks said. “Get ‘em moving, major. We’ve got about ten minutes
before we’re going to have Kreelan ships overhead. And make sure Grishin’s
gotten the word, too, would you?”

* * *

Staff Sergeant Patty Coyle couldn’t keep herself from grinning. Part of her
felt bad for what she was about to do, but the tanker in the soul of the
petite blonde and blue-eyed woman, the absolute antithesis of what a tank
commander might be expected to look like, was having a fucking orgasm. This
was one of the things every tank commander dreamed of doing, but so few ever
got a chance to do it. And here she was being ordered - _ordered!_ \- to do
it.

_Fuckin’-A_ , she thought as she called to her driver, “Okay, Mannie, back her
up, a bit to the left.”

Her driver, Corporal Manfred Holman, grunted in reply as he applied more power
to the M-87 Wolfhound’s tracks, slewing the hundred and twenty-five metric ton
vehicle slightly, just as Coyle wanted.

“Perfect,” Coyle told him as a crash, deafening even here inside the tank,
rang out as the tank backed through the huge front glass window of a bakery.
She watched through her cupola’s vision displays as the massive hull crushed
the displays of neatly arranged cookies, pastries and bread, then proceeded
deeper into the shop to pulverize the tables and chairs. Above the din of
shattering glass, plastic, and wood, she could hear the hysterical shouts of
the shopkeeper and his wife, safe on the street outside.

She couldn’t believe it when the operations officer had issued orders for all
vehicle commanders to immediately find cover _inside nearby buildings_. The
units had to pay for any damage they did to personal property if they deployed
outside of their regular training areas. She was sure the Terran Government
would pick up the tab for the huge mess the tanks were making, but the promise
of a fat paycheck wouldn’t have made the locals any happier as they watched
the armored monsters drive into their shops and living rooms.

After getting the orders from regiment, Coyle had led her platoon down this
street and found a three-story building whose first floor was tall enough to
clear the tops of the turrets. Then she and the other tank commanders had gone
in and asked - nicely at first, and then not so nicely - the occupants to
clear out. Even with the raid sirens still wailing, most of the owners and
quite a few patrons were still in the shops, living life as if nothing was
different. That changed as soon as Coyle pulled out her sidearm and started
shooting into the ceilings of the shops, finally getting her point across. A
local cop had come running over to see what the fuss was, brandishing his
pistol, but ran away even faster after Coyle’s gunner, Sergeant Yuri Kirov,
rotated the turret in his direction and pointed the main gun at him.

“Gotta hurry, guys,” she said over the platoon push channel. She had a timer
running in her cupola vision panel, counting down the minutes left until the
enemy ships would be overhead, along with a miniature view of the tactical
display showing their inbound tracks. “I’m coming around to check how you
look.” While her communications procedures reflected a less-than-military
bearing in how she led her platoon, it was just one of her quirks. She put on
the hard-core military façade when she absolutely had to, but otherwise she
tossed it aside: it just got in her way. She’d been upbraided for what she
called her own “gurlishness” on more than one occasion, but nobody gave her
too much grief: she was the most competent tank commander and platoon leader
in the entire regiment. And the reason she was platoon leader right now rather
than platoon sergeant was that her company was short a second lieutenant, and
the company commander had trusted her to take her platoon and go raise hell.
Besides, in a regiment commanded by a man who wore spurs and a cavalry
officer’s hat, and who used a cavalry saber as a pointer when he gave
briefings, her own eccentricities hardly stood out.

Waiting until the sound of tinkling glass abated, she threw open the hatch and
carefully crawled out onto the turret roof, crabbing along in the two feet of
space between the turret and the building’s ceiling, her gloves protecting her
hands from the shards of glass and wood covering the top of her tank. Swinging
down from the barrel to the steeply sloped front glacis plate of the hull, she
dropped to the floor of the shop, debris crunching under her boots. A crowd of
civilians started to close in on her, shouting and making gestures that she
didn’t need translated from Arabic and Chinese. She didn’t want to hurt
anybody, but she drew her sidearm and held it across her chest where they
could all see it: it didn’t shut them up, but they backed away quickly.

“Two minutes, sarge,” her gunner said tensely.

“Roger,” she replied as she ran out into the middle of the street. Turning
around, she looked at her tank’s position: it was fully concealed from
overhead, with two more floors above it that hopefully would mask its heat
signature. There wasn’t even much debris on the sidewalk in front of the shop:
most of it had imploded inward. She ran down the street, ignoring the
passenger vehicles that still passed by, honking at her. _Fucking morons_ ,
Coyle thought. _Why aren’t they heading to shelter or something?_

She checked the positions for the other three tanks in her platoon, happily
noting that they were all fully concealed in the building. The Kreelans
wouldn’t be able to see them unless they were standing right in front of them.
_And if they did that_ , she told herself, _my tanks’ll blow the living shit
out of them_.

“Sixty seconds!”

Coyle sprinted back to her tank, quickly clambering back up to the turret,
which had _Chiquita_ painted in a flamboyant script in black against the green
and brown camouflage paint of the vehicle. Dropping neatly into the cupola,
she told her platoon, “Okay, everybody, make sure you’re buttoned up in case
this building gets knocked down on top of us. The colonel would be really
pissed if I lost anybody because they got hit on the head with a brick.” She
smiled as her quip drew some less-than-respectful responses from her platoon.
But they instantly did as she had ordered. They were wired and ready.

Just before she dropped into the turret and closed the hatch, she thought she
heard the boom of distant thunder.

* * *

“They are networked,” shipmistress Elai-Tura’an informed Tesh-Dar, indicating
the display of the land coming up to greet them. It was an unfamiliar term to
her people, one that the builders had dug from the Books of Time as they built
the ships and weapons to fight the humans. The _Kreela_ of this age did not
use such rudimentary technology, at least as any human would understand it.
Tesh-Dar fully understood the concept, but it was for others to understand the
details that made it work. Such technology was built into the ships of this
ancient design, but, as with many of the electronic devices the builders had
resurrected from those ages long past, the warriors had disdained to use them.
Such things were from an age when nation-state warred against nation-state for
dominance and resources, before the Unification and the founding of the First
Empire. Since then, combat was waged as a means to glorify the Empress: it was
a battle of spirit and will as much as force.

Thus had Tesh-Dar come to wage war against the humans face to face wherever
possible, not to claw at them through layers of technology. She had allowed
the human ships to use their data-links in the first encounter simply to give
them an advantage, and because she did not yet have a feel for their skills.
Many of their weapons she would allow as a challenge to her warriors, for if a
human directed the weapon, it was still the human they fought. But she had no
patience to fight the mindless calculations of machines. The humans had proven
themselves worthy, and she decided that they did not need such devices in a
battle that should be fought mainly with tooth and claw.

“Blind them as we return fire,” Tesh-Dar ordered as her ship screamed downward
through the atmosphere.

* * *

“Hell,” Tiernan cursed as the _Ticonderoga_ wallowed in the uppermost reaches
of the atmosphere. Even the navigation computers were having a difficult time
holding the ship and her sisters steady. His biggest concern now was whether
the tactical computers would be able to take the atmospherics into account for
the targeting calculations. Something else that they had never been designed
to do.

“Thirty seconds!” the fleet tactical officer called out. On the tactical
display, the two opposing forces were rushing at one another like out of
control freight trains. The Kreelan ships were now thousands of meters below,
well within the atmosphere. Some of their ships had broken off to head toward
the smaller cities, but most were still arrowing directly for Foshan, head-on
to the combined human fleet. “Hard target lock across the board, all weapons
synchronized.” The data-link systems and tactical computers aboard each ship
in the Terran formation had formed a massive distributed processing network
that had identified each Kreelan ship and assigned weapons from one or more
Terran ships to fire on it. The same was happening in the Alliance fleet that
flew to the Terran fleet’s starboard side. Since the networks of the two
fleets couldn’t coordinate their targeting, Tiernan and Lefevre had minimized
the potential overlap with a simple expedient: Tiernan took all the targets on
their relative left, Lefevre took the ones on the right. The human ships would
be shooting right down the Kreelans’ throats as they passed below.

“Vampire! Vampire!” the tactical officer suddenly cried out: missiles had been
launched from the enemy ships.

Tiernan whipped his head back to the tactical display in time to see a swarm
of missiles fly from the Kreelan formation. While the human ships carried some
missiles, in the age of laser defenses they were rarely used: their
maneuverability and speed had never been able to keep up with laser
technology, although missile designers kept trying. The only major exception
were the torpedoes carried by the destroyers and some cruisers: they were
large weapons that carried their own powerful drives and limited shielding.
But a ship of a given tonnage could only carry a few, and even their ability
to penetrate point defenses was far from guaranteed.

“Vector?” Tiernan snapped.

“They’re all over the place, sir,” the tactical officer replied, confused.
“Some are heading this way, some to the surface. It looks like-”

His words were interrupted by a series of spectacular detonations that looked
like a cascade of exploding balls of lightning that briefly overrode the
brightness limits of the main displays on the ship.

“Jesus!” someone gasped.

“Were those nukes?” Tiernan shouted as he closed his eyes and turned his head
away from the momentary brilliance of the display. The Terran fleet had no
nuclear weapons, at the explicit orders of the president. He had argued
mightily to have at least a few to use in space, but the president had been
adamant, and so he had none. But that didn’t mean the Kreelans couldn’t use
them.

“Negative, sir,” the tactical officer replied, shaken, as the main flag bridge
display faded to again show the perilously close surface of Keran. “No
indication of ionizing radiation from nuclear weapons. I don’t know what those
things were.”

“I do,” Tiernan growled, looking at the tactical display and the handful of
icons that remained: just what _Ticonderoga_ could see with her own sensors.
“They knocked out the damned data-link. Do we still have weapons lock?”

“Only local, sir,” the tactical officer reported, quickly coordinating with
the tactical officer on the bridge. The _Ticonderoga_ still held the targets
that had been allocated to her and for which she had her own sensor lock-on.
The targets she was to have engaged based on targeting by other ships in the
Terran fleet were either gone from the display or were tagged in yellow: the
fire control system could see the targets, but didn’t have enough weapons
available to service them. “The fleet firing solutions just went out the
window.”

“Do we have communications with the other ships?” Tiernan asked quickly. Only
seconds were left before their opportunity would be lost.

“Laser voice and vidcom only, sir,” the communications officer reported.

Tiernan held back a vicious curse. “Open a channel, fast,” he ordered the
fleet communications officer.

“Open sir,” the woman replied immediately.

“All ships, this is admiral Tiernan,” he said quickly as the countdown on the
tactical display spun down to zero and the range rings of _Ticonderoga’s_
weapons intersected the lead Kreelan ships far below. “Local targeting mode,
fire at will!”

He was instantly rewarded with an extended rumble from _Ticonderoga’s_ heavy
weapons turrets on the bottom of the hull. They fired at full rate until they
ran out of their basic load, which only took a dozen seconds. As the guns fell
silent, the looming horizon of the planet rapidly rotated counterclockwise in
the flag bridge display as the ship’s captain immediately flipped
_Ticonderoga_ on her back to unmask the turrets on the top of the hull. As
soon as the ship stabilized, those guns belched fire at the rapidly fleeing
Kreelan targets. It was an outside chance, at best, that any of those rounds
would catch the enemy ships. But in this situation Tiernan was not about to be
stingy with his ammunition. _Ticonderoga_ had plenty of that. Even now, the
gun crews were moving the next loads of shells for their guns from the
magazines as the captain brought the ship’s bow up toward the reassuring
blackness of space, the engines thundering with power to get her clear of the
deadly atmosphere.

Tiernan silently watched the tactical display, willing the enemy ships to
start falling prey to the human fleet’s attack.

“ _Inbound kinetics!_ ” the flag tactical officer suddenly shouted. The
collision alarm sounded throughout the ship, and Tiernan and the rest of the
crew braced for impact.

* * *

While the fire from the human ships had been far less deadly than it would
have been with their data networks intact, more than a few of their rounds had
found their mark. Several of them hit Tesh-Dar’s ship, causing extensive
damage to the engineering sections, and one of them penetrated the hull’s
armor to explode directly beneath the bridge. The resulting explosion had not
been powerful enough to blow completely through the deck plating and vent the
bridge to vacuum, but it had buckled the deck with such force that several of
the heavy support frames had snapped. Tesh-Dar and several of the bridge crew
had been slammed into the bulkheads by the force of the explosion: two of the
bridge crew were dead, and three others injured. Tesh-Dar herself had been
dazed momentarily.

Elai-Tura’an, the shipmistress, had been pinned to the deck by a thick support
beam that weighed as much as ten warriors. Had she not been wearing her armor,
she would have been killed instantly. As Tesh-Dar stumbled to her side, still
dizzy from the impact and coughing from the dense and acrid smoke that now
flooded the bridge, she could see that Elai-Tura’an was bleeding badly inside,
with bright arterial blood streaming from her mouth.

Tesh-Dar gripped the lower edge of the beam with her hands, and with a roar of
fury lifted it and tossed it aside with a horrendous crash. Kneeling by the
woman’s side, she placed a hand gently on her shoulder and said, “I will
summon a healer.”

“No,” Elai-Tura’an replied, gripping Tesh-Dar’s arm in a fierce grip as she
looked into the priestess’s eyes. “No...time. Must get me...to the navigation
station.” She spat out more blood from her pierced lungs, a mixed expression
of pain and annoyance on her face. “Then get the warriors...off.”

Nodding, Tesh-Dar picked her up and carried her to the navigation station,
gently setting her down in what was left of the chair. The warrior who had
been serving as navigator was one of those killed by the explosion below, her
body and the upper part of the chair having been knocked aside by one of the
flying support beams. Kneeling beside her, Tesh-Dar gripped Elai-Tura’an’s
arms in the way of warriors. “May you find Her light and love for eternity,”
she whispered.

“And may thy Way be long...and glorious, my priestess,” Elai-Tura’an replied,
bowing her head. “Now go. I will control the ship from here. Get all the
others...away, before we are too low.”

Turning her attention to the navigation panel, Elai-Tura’an took direct
control of the mortally stricken ship as it continued to plunge toward the
surface.

With one last look at her dying shipmistress, Tesh-Dar uttered a silent prayer
for her soul to the Empress before she gathered the rest of the bridge crew
and made her way quickly to the lower decks where her First had gathered the
rest of the warriors. Li’ara-Zhurah awaited her, holding Tesh-Dar’s other
weapons, which the priestess quickly fastened to her armor. Li’ara-Zhurah
offered the priestess a set of the special descent equipment the other
warriors now wore, but the great warrior priestess refused: Tesh-Dar had no
need of such things.

“As have Her Children for countless ages past,” she told the gathered
warriors, her voice booming over the howl of the air streaming past the ship’s
hull, “we go to battle with the enemy, face to face. Fight to honor Her, my
children, and seek glory in battle and in death.” She paused, looking over the
hundreds of faces around her, taking in the Bloodsong that echoed from each of
them, pulsing in her own veins. “So has it been-”

“-so shall it forever be,” they echoed in a thunderous chorus.

Tesh-Dar nodded to Kamal-Utai, her First, who touched a control on the central
console in the large ventral compartment the warriors now occupied. There was
a momentary hissing of air as the pressure equalized with the outside
atmosphere. Then the side panels of the compartment opened to the air
streaming by. Humans would have looked at instruments to tell them the
altitude and speed of the ship, to know if it was going too high or low, or
too fast. None of the warriors here needed such things: they knew such things
by instinct.

“Go now,” Tesh-Dar ordered above the shrieking airstream, and instantly the
warriors began leaping from the ship, their arms and legs spread wide to
control their fall.

Tesh-Dar waited until all but Kamal-Utai and Li’ara-Zhurah had gone, then she
ushered them from the doomed ship before it flew too low for their descent
equipment to function properly.

Satisfied that they were away safely, Tesh-Dar flexed her hands in
anticipation, her great talons drawing blood from her palms. Then she leaped
from the ship and was carried away by the roaring winds.

* * *

The grains of sand in the time-glass of shipmistress Elai-Tura’an’s life were
rapidly running out. With grim determination she kept her ship on course for
its glorious ending. Making adjustments to compensate for the failing engines,
she guided her last command to its destination.

With a smile on her lips, her heart enraptured by the glory it would bring to
the Empress, she slammed her cruiser into the very center of the city of
Foshan.


* Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Nineteen{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER NINETEEN**

  

Of the sixty-seven Kreelan ships that attacked Keran, fourteen suffered
serious damage and six were destroyed outright from the humans’ daring attack.
Seven of those that had sustained damage would have to land, for they were in
no shape to climb back into space with the other ships. And, of course, Tesh-
Dar’s ship had come to its own glorious end as it struck the human city.

The senior surviving shipmistress of the attack wave knew of Tesh-Dar’s wishes
regarding the humans, and observed over the shoulder of the warrior who served
as the equivalent of a human tactical battle officer. While the human data-
links had been effectively severed, there were still many human combat units
that were broadcasting data, even though their companion units could no longer
receive it.

Nodding to herself, the shipmistress designated targets for the tactical
officer. “The humans at these locations,” she said. “Destroy them.”

With a brief flurry of her fingertips over the controls, the guns of the
Kreelan ships fired as they flew over the human positions, then began the long
climb through the atmosphere to reach open space. While most of their shells
and lasers found their targets, the devastation seemed inconsequential after
the spectacular detonation of Elai-Tura’an’s cruiser.

* * *

One moment, Steph was sitting in the regimental command vehicle as Sparks
barked orders to his battalion commanders over the vidcom after the strange
Kreelan missiles took down the data-links. The next, she found herself lying
on the floor of the vehicle, groggily looking up into Colonel Sparks’s
concerned and bloodied face. The command compartment was dark except for the
red combat lights that shone dimly through swirling dust and acrid smoke. She
thought it made Sparks look like Satan.

“Are you hurt, Miss Guillaume?” he said as if from very far away.

Steph’s ears were ringing, the sound so loud she could hardly hear a thing.
“No,” she said, her tongue feeling like it was three sizes too big. She tasted
blood. “At least...I don’t think so.” As she came to, she took stock of her
body: aside from some scrapes and bruises, plus a big knot on the back of her
head, she couldn’t feel anything wrong. “What happened?”

Sparks nodded and helped her to her feet. “The Kreelan ships hit us as they
passed over, and one of the bastards crashed right into the middle of the
city.” He had already been outside and seen the huge mushroom cloud rising
from Foshan’s center. It hadn’t been a nuclear explosion, for there was no
trace of ionizing radiation on the command vehicle’s sensors, but with a ship
that must have massed on the order of a hundred thousand metric tons, with
power cores that could propel it through space, it didn’t have to be a nuclear
weapon. The energy release of something like that hitting the surface, even at
a comparatively low velocity, combined with the engine cores breaching would
still be measured in hundreds of kilotons of explosive power. “Foshan has
pretty much been wiped out,” he told her grimly. He felt a terrible rending in
his heart at the civilians who must have been killed, the people he and his
regiment had been sent to try and save.

But at the same time he was indescribably relieved that his men and women had
been deployed on the outskirts of the city. Most of the blast had been
absorbed by the buildings between the crash site and here, although the
command vehicle had still been tossed around like a toy, and the building they
had hidden in had largely collapsed on top of them. Ironically, that had
provided some incidental protection from the salvoes the other Kreelan ships
had fired at them when they passed overhead. Built on the chassis of the M-87
Wolfhound tank, the command vehicle had been hammered hard, but had managed to
protect its occupants from serious harm. “We’ve also lost contact with
everyone, including division and corps, which definitely isn’t good news.”

“So what do you plan to do?” she asked, taking a drink of water from her
canteen.

Sparks looked at her with fire in his eyes, glinting in the red combat
lighting. “As soon as I can reestablish contact with at least some of my units
and figure out where the hell the enemy is, I plan to attack.”

“Sir,” the driver called back to him as he struggled out of the cramped
forward compartment. “This bitch is history. Oh,” he said, embarrassed as he
noticed Steph. “Sorry, ma’am,” he mumbled.

“I’ve heard the term before, corporal,” she reassured him with a tired smile.

“Uh, yes, ma’am. Anyway, sir,” he went on, “the left track is busted and we’ve
got half a dozen faults on the drive panel. Without the guys in the repair
track working on this tub for a day, after they haul us out of this rubble,
we’re stuck. So if we need to go anywhere, we’re gonna have to walk.”

“Had our horse shot out from under us, have we?” Sparks said, already
gathering up his personal combat gear. “Hadley,” he called to the vehicle
commander, “grab one of the extra rifles and give Miss Guillaume a crash-
course in how to use it, then give her a combat harness and ammo. No grenades.
You’ve got five minutes.”

“But, colonel,” Steph protested, “as a journalist, I can’t carry a weapon. I’m
legally a noncombatant.”

Strapping the belt that held his cavalry saber to his waist, Sparks told her,
“Not anymore, Miss Guillaume. Do you think for an instant that the Kreelans
are going to give a damn about your legal status? They just nose-dived a
starship into the center of the biggest city on the planet. That tells me a
lot about their articles of war.” He drew the massive pistol from its holster
under his left arm and checked that the magazine was full. “I don’t expect you
to be a trooper, but you need to be able to help defend yourself.” Turning to
his ops officer, he said, “Do we have contact with _anybody_ yet?”

“Yes, sir,” the woman told him. “Colonel Grishin just came up on the tac-com.”
They had just had time to lay a tactical communications line between the 7th
Cavalry and _1er REC_ command posts before the Kreelans attacked. By a small
miracle it hadn’t been affected by the weapons the Kreelans had fired or the
cruiser’s explosion. “He says they have incoming enemy paratroops.” She
paused, a glint of fear in her eye as she heard a terrified shriek in the
background. “They’re coming in right on top of his positions.”

* * *

The scream had come from one of the crewmen of Grishin’s vehicle, who had been
bodily wrenched from the rear hatch by what looked like an alien version of
what was known as a “cat o’ nine tails,” a multi-tailed whip. One moment the
man was telling Grishin there were alien paratroopers falling on top of them,
the next he was gone. Grishin was sure that he had heard the hapless man’s
skull and legs shatter against the metal hatch coaming, even with the
protection of his helmet and leg armor.

Beyond his broken body, which had landed in the dirt a few meters from the
vehicle, stood a huge alien warrior that made a mockery out of the verbal
descriptions and artist’s renderings the Terran military attaché had provided
the Alliance. With a snap of her arm the whip’s barbed tendrils detached from
the dead legionnaire as if they were alive, and her demonic eyes were fixed on
him as she bared her ivory fangs and snapped the whip back, preparing for
another attack.

“ _Go, go, go!_ ” Grishin shouted through the intercom to his driver,
reflexively pushing himself deeper into his seat to get away from the
ferocious-looking warrior. The driver didn’t need any encouragement: the
command vehicle suddenly roared out of the pit the engineers had dug for it,
snapping the thin tac-com cable that had connected Grishin with the Terran
regimental commander. In any normal battle, being dug-in would have given
their vehicle some cover and concealment from an approaching enemy. But when
the enemy was literally landing right on top of you, the only thing the pit
was good for was a grave.

The command vehicle shared the same wheeled chassis as the light tanks of the
_1er REC_ ’s combat squadrons, but had no turret and no main gun. One of the
legionnaires was manning the vehicle’s only weapon, the modern-day equivalent
of a machine gun on a flexi-mount on the vehicle’s roof, and was firing rounds
non-stop at the warriors that were now landing all around them.

“Conserve your ammunition, you fool!” the vehicle commander shouted at him.
But the legionnaire continued to hold down the trigger. The weapon’s barrel
was red hot.

Suddenly the firing ceased, and Grishin was relieved that the gunner had come
to his senses. If he had kept firing that way, they would be out of ammunition
in a matter of a few minutes, if that.

“ _Putain!_ ” the vehicle commander swore, and Grishin looked up to see the
legionnaire gunner slide back into the vehicle. Headless.

_Focus_ , Grishin told himself as he fought back a wave of nausea. It wasn’t
the headless legionnaire that bothered him, for he had seen that and much
worse in his career in the _Légion_. It had been the enormous enemy warrior
about to snare him with that hellish whip. _Let the crew fight the immediate
battle. You’ve got a regiment to worry about. You’re their leader: so lead!_

That thought brought him back to his senses. Unfortunately, he had no
communications right now with anyone: all types of radio communications were
out, and the _Légion_ did not have the funding for the latest vehicle-to-
vehicle laser communications.

That left the old fashioned method. “Turn around,” he ordered the driver. To
this point, they had been barreling down the road that led toward the rear of
the regiment’s deployment area, and then to the Terran regiment, if any of
them had survived the crazy cavalryman’s idea of stuffing their huge tanks
into buildings. He could see the mushroom cloud over Foshan through one of the
vehicle’s armored viewports, the orange and black writhing as if it were a
living thing. All around it, the city was burning fiercely, and it was
difficult for him to imagine the devastation. He wished Sparks and his troops
good luck. But now he had to make some luck of his own. He needed to get back
to his regiment.

“Sir?” the driver asked, his voice shaking. While they had all been told that
aliens might come, none of them had really believed it. And none of them had
been truly prepared for the sight of thousands of alien warriors dropping from
the sky.

“Turn us around, _soldat_ ,” Grishin ordered. “Without radio, I must make
direct contact with our units. I’ve got to at least get to the squadron
commanders.”

The driver made no move to respond to Grishin’s order.

“Tomaszewski,” the vehicle commander said in a low voice over the intercom,
“turn us around or I’ll blow your fucking head off.”

“ _Oui, sergent_ ,” the driver replied shakily, slowing the six-wheeled
vehicle around enough to turn it without tipping them over.

Pulling the gunner’s headless body out of the way, the vehicle commander took
his place at the gun on the roof, hiking up his chest armor to try and protect
his neck as they headed back toward the rest of their besieged regiment.

* * *

Tesh-Dar and the other warriors had been badly buffeted by the explosion as
the cruiser hit the human city. But like many of the human warriors, they had
received some protection as the buildings around the city absorbed much of the
blast wave. A number of the warriors had lost control and crashed, with some
of them no doubt killed. But the majority from her ship, nearly eight hundred,
had survived. Around them, thousands of other warriors dropped by the other
ships plummeted toward the human city and its defenders.

As they fell rapidly toward the ground, Tesh-Dar saw that they were almost
perfectly positioned against one of the groups of human warriors. Almost all
of this group were in large, boxy vehicles that were clearly heavily armed.
Her blood thrilled with the challenge, for it would be difficult to kill the
humans in vehicles such as these. She did not need to look around her to know
that her warriors felt the same way, for their emotions sang from their very
blood. But she looked anyway, turning to see Li’ara-Zhurah and Kamal-Utai
flying beside her, their fangs bared in excitement.

Then it was time for the warriors to deploy their wings. Similar to a human-
designed parafoil, they were actually much more akin to a natural wing:
mounted to the warrior’s back, with the wing supported by a thin but strong
framework much like the bones of a bat’s wing, it provided exceptional
maneuverability.

While expressions of amazement and disbelief at Tesh-Dar’s abilities were
nothing new to her since she had become high priestess of the Desh-Ka order,
she took some bemused enjoyment from the astonished looks on the faces of her
warriors as they deployed their wings and she did not. Yet she continued to
fly alongside them as if she did. The powers that she had inherited as part of
the acceptance of the ways of the Desh-Ka were not infinite, and were nothing
compared to the power of the Empress. But controlling her body above the earth
was one of the gifts she had received, as was walking through solid objects.
She herself did not understand how such things were possible, only that they
were.

By now the humans had seen them swooping down upon their positions and began
to fire projectile weapons. A number of warriors fell, stricken, while others
fired back with weapons akin to those the humans were using. Tesh-Dar
preferred close combat, but in this type of attack she would not have let her
warriors be exposed at extended ranges to human weapons without being able to
fight back. Challenge, she sought; wanton slaughter of her warriors, she did
not.

Easing ahead of the other warriors, she arrowed toward a group of vehicles
near the center of the area occupied by larger groups of spread-out vehicles.
Touching down lightly near one of the vehicles, her sandals leaving no mark
upon the dusty ground, she uncoiled her _grakh’ta_ , the seven-barbed whip,
from her belt.

A human momentarily stared at her open-mouthed from a hatch in the rear of the
vehicle, then he turned away to say something in what was, to Tesh-Dar, one of
their incomprehensible languages to someone inside. Baring her fangs, she
snapped the _grakh’ta_ behind her, then whipped it forward. It was a terribly
difficult weapon to handle with precision, but Tesh-Dar had many, many cycles
of practice and was expert in its use. The whip cracked as the seven barbed
tips reached into the vehicle, wrapping themselves around the hapless human.
With a titanic heave, she yanked the alien’s body from the vehicle with such
force that it smashed its head and legs to splinters against the armored
interior.

As she snapped the whip again to clear the barbs from the human’s flesh, her
heightened senses warned her that danger was near. With a leap to one side
that no human who witnessed it would have ever believed, she easily dodged the
projectiles fired by the primitive weapon mounted on the vehicle. She watched
as the vehicle suddenly burst from the hole the humans had dug for it to head
quickly down the road, the human on top still firing madly at her warriors,
and missing most of them. One of the warriors finally tired of him and took
his head with a _shrekka_.

With her blood roaring a symphony in her spiritual ears, Tesh-Dar coiled her
_grakh’ta_ and set off toward one of the other vehicles, seeking new prey.

* * *

Grishin stood in one of the hatches, accepting the risk to his neck in
exchange for the ability to see more clearly as the command vehicle swept
around a bend in the road that passed by the positions of the _1er Escadron de
combat_ , the regiment’s first tank squadron.

“ _Merde_...” the vehicle commander cursed just before he started firing the
top-mounted gun. There was certainly no shortage of targets.

Grishin looked on in horror as Kreelan warriors clad in black armor swarmed
over the wheeled tanks of the _1er Escadron_ like black ants. A few of the
vehicles had made it out of their firing pits and were trying to keep the
warriors at a distance while blasting away at them. Some vehicles had not, and
Grishin saw a warrior atop a buttoned up tank stab her sword right through the
armored commander’s hatch. As she pulled the blade out of the metal, he saw
that it was slick with blood.

_Impossible_ , he thought. _No metal blade could cut through steel alloy armor
like that!_ Granted, it was not nearly so thick as the armor that protected
the heavy Terran tanks, but it was simply not possible.

But it was. Other warriors did the same thing, stabbing their weapons through
the armor of the driver’s and gunner’s hatches. Then one of them affixed some
sort of bomb to the rear of the vehicle, and the warriors leaped clear as the
light tank was consumed by what looked like a massive electrical discharge
that left behind a smoldering, charred wreck.

“ _Putain!_ ” the vehicle commander hissed, using one of his favorite curses.
He dropped into the vehicle, his right arm hanging by a thread of flesh: most
of the muscle and the bone had been cut through halfway above the elbow. “One
of those bitches hit me with one of those flying things,” he gasped, his face
already turning pale from shock.

“Help me,” Grishin ordered the last legionnaire left in the rear compartment,
who had been firing his rifle at the enemy through one of the vehicle’s gun
ports. Unlike his Terran counterpart, Sparks, Grishin had his main staff
officers in different vehicles, which was both a blessing and a curse. A
blessing because if one of them was hit, the entire command staff would not be
wiped out, and the most senior surviving officer could take over. A curse
because without communications, he had no idea if any of them were even still
alive to help get the regiment out of this disaster.

Grishin grabbed the sergeant around his chest, ignoring the blood cascading
over his arms as he did so. The other legionnaire grabbed his legs, and
together they moved him onto one of the combat seats along the side of the
compartment.

“Do what you can for him,” Grishin ordered before standing up through the roof
hatch and manning the machine gun. He managed to clear some of the warriors
off of the top of one of the tanks as it backed out of its firing pit, and he
signaled for the commander to join on him. Two other tanks also joined up, and
they quickly formed an echelon left, with the three tanks in a staggered line
that gave all of them clear fields of fire into the bulk of the rampaging
aliens, with Grishin’s vehicle following close behind them.

Past their shock now, the legionnaires manning the three tanks began to give a
good accounting of themselves as they poured machinegun fire into the groups
of warriors attacking other tanks that hadn’t had a chance to get out of their
firing pits. The tank crews fired antipersonnel rounds, carrying thousands of
needle-like flechettes, from their main guns, literally blasting the Kreelans
from the backs of some of the tanks in clouds of bloody flesh and shrapnel.

_Surely the enemy must be about to break_ , Grishin told himself as they
killed Kreelans by the dozens, even as the warriors charged the tanks with
swords raised high and war cries on their lips.

But they didn’t break: the alien warriors kept on coming.

While the Kreelans had held the upper hand in the beginning, Grishin’s
legionnaires were now giving as good as they had gotten. But the enemy did not
die easily, nor were they slaughtered without cost. As his formation swept
along the rear of each of his companies, rallying the survivors, the enemy
warriors fought even harder. They hurled themselves at his tanks, sometimes
singly, sometimes in groups, but all as suicidal maniacs, and he could hear
their fierce war cries through the chattering of the machine guns and the
booming of the tanks’ main guns.

When they made it to the rear of the last company, the _5ème Escadron_ , and
rallied what was left of it, Grishin was momentarily struck by despair. Of the
roughly forty-eight tanks of the four tank squadrons, plus the various other
vehicles that made up the regiment, he now only had half a dozen tanks and a
handful of the other vehicles, most of which were as lightly armed as his
command vehicle. Suicidal maniacs the Kreelans may have been, but they had
effectively gutted his unit. And there were still hundreds left alive behind
him.

From here, on the far right edge of his regiment’s assigned area of
responsibility, he should have been able to see the positions of the _2ème
Régiment étranger de parachutistes_ , the famous _2ème REP_ , next to them. He
had heard that the paratroops’ commander had been livid at having to deploy
his unit as regular infantry in prepared trenches, but those were his orders
and he had carried them out. Now Grishin could see nothing of the famous elite
unit, only a massive swarm of alien warriors. Looking through his field scope
at the ferocious close combat there, he could think of no way to help them:
the legionnaires were locked in bitter hand to hand fighting, and he could not
use his tanks to good effect without killing his fellow legionnaires.

After a moment he realized that the point was moot: the paratroopers, while
clearly fighting valiantly, were also being completely overwhelmed. Their part
of the battle was already over.

“ _Mon colonel_ ,” the vehicle commander said thickly through the painkillers
that the attending legionnaire had pumped into his system after applying a
tourniquet and self-sealing bandages. “Behind us.”

Grishin turned to look behind them, and was shocked to see a line of Kreelan
warriors standing there, clearly waiting for him and his men. There really was
nowhere for him to run, not that he was inclined to. The road that had been
the baseline for the regiment’s deployment had relatively open ground to the
front for a few hundred meters, but then swiftly turned into dense woods that
would be difficult, if not impossible, for his tanks to traverse. To the rear
was another hundred or so meters edged by a steep drainage culvert. He would
have liked to deploy his regiment on the other side of that defensive feature,
on the “inside” toward Foshan, rather than on the “outside” where he was now,
but that had been forbidden by the Keran government because of the high-value
property in this area. Grishin suddenly wished he had done what Sparks had,
and driven his tanks right into the houses and business buildings there, the
local government be damned. But it was too late for that.

Besides, while his motivations were different, he was no less a warrior than
the alien creatures he now confronted. And while his personal courage had
wavered for a moment after they had appeared, he was no longer afraid.

He knew that there was only one option left: to try and break through to link
up with the Terran tank regiment, if it still survived. Against so many
warriors, the legionnaires stood little chance of survival. Grishin smiled to
himself. He had always wished that he could die in a modern-day Battle of
Camarón, where centuries before a small band of legionnaires had held off an
army of nearly two thousand men in a battle that had become legend. He had
never thought this wish would come true. So few ever had.

Signaling his tank commanders to wheel right and come line-abreast facing the
Kreelan warriors who stood patiently waiting for them, Grishin rendered his
men a sharp salute, which they returned. Legionnaires, to the last.

“ _Camarón!_ ” Grishin bellowed as the survivors of the _1er REC_ charged the
enemy line, guns thundering.

* * *

Tesh-Dar had quickly become bored with digging the humans out of their strange
vehicles. Leaving Kamal-Utai and Li’ara-Zhurah to lead the warriors who had
jumped from their doomed ship, for they could not keep up with her, Tesh-Dar
raced along the human lines at an inhuman speed, far faster than any human
being had ever run. She had seen in her mind’s eye a nearby group of human
warriors that had no vehicles, and went to meet them.

As she did, a group of warriors from one of the other ships was dropping onto
that part of the human line, and the humans fired their projectile weapons at
them. While the warriors preferred their swords and claws, they had no
hesitation in unslinging their own projectile weapons and firing back. Tesh-
Dar was proud to see that they were far more accurate than the humans, with
nearly every round finding its target.

With a final great leap, her heart pounding with anticipation, she landed next
to the strange trench they had dug for themselves and unleashed her _grakh’ta_
whip.

* * *

_Soldat 1e Classe_ Roland Mills had joined the _Légion étrangère_ for the same
reason countless others had over the centuries: he was an adventurer and
soldier of fortune. Aside from his rugged good looks and muscular build, he
was unlike the romantic stereotype of the legionnaire: he wasn’t trying to
escape his past or avoid pursuit by any authorities. In fact, he came from a
very respectable English family back on Earth, and had never committed a
crime. While he would have lightly scoffed at anyone who thought him a
scholar, he was nonetheless quite well-educated. By all accounts, he would
have made an excellent barrister and family man, except for one tiny quirk: he
was a hopeless adrenaline junky. He had immersed himself in virtually every
extreme and nearly-suicidal endeavor he could find, but eventually they came
to bore him.

Then one day, he happened to see a news broadcast that played a bit about the
Alliance _Légion étrangère_ , and came to see it as a nearly non-stop thrill-
ride. Over his family’s vehement protestations, he signed up two days later at
the recruiting center in Paris.

Nearly eighteen months later, despite having had to adjust his perception of
reality of what the Legion really was, he had come to really enjoy it.
Learning French had been a snap for him, as had the other basic skills he had
been taught.

In the end, he had gotten what he had hoped for: he was selected for the elite
_2ème REP_ and was given jump training (although he already knew how to jump
and paraglide). He had loved every minute of it.

When he found the Alliance was deploying every one of the Legion’s combat
regiments to Keran to protect it against a possible (if far-fetched) alien
threat, he had been elated. He had never seen combat, and was hoping that this
would be his chance.

Now, however, elation wasn’t the emotion he felt. It was gut-wrenching fear
melded with the determination to survive as alien starships thundered
overhead, dropping thousands of alien paratroops right on top of the
regiment’s lines. He had been looking for the ultimate thrill, and he was
afraid that he might have found it.

“Fire!” his squad leader shouted, echoing the orders passed along the line of
the entire regiment as the aliens flew down on their version of paragliders.
Over a thousand legionnaires fired their rifles and automatic weapons nearly
straight up at their swarming attackers. A handful of aliens, then dozens,
began to fall from the sky, dead and wounded.

But the enemy proved to be far from helpless, even as they glided toward the
ground. They had their own rifles, and with inhuman accuracy began to kill
legionnaires. Some also dropped what looked like hand grenades where
legionnaires had bunched together. But when they detonated they released an
enormous electrical flux like lightning, turning everything in a radius of
four meters into smoldering carbon.

Easily outnumbered two to one, the legionnaires did what they had done since
Camarón: they stood their ground, fought, and died.

Roland Mills, however, wasn’t ready to die yet. He was terrified, but this was
what he had joined the Legion for, after all: the opportunity to participate
in unrestricted mayhem. Combat was the ultimate adrenaline rush.

Taking aim at the nearest cloud of warriors bearing down on their lines, he
opened fire, emptying an entire magazine into their formation and taking grim
satisfaction at seeing six of them plummet to the ground, out of control.

“Mills, _down!_ ” one of the other legionnaires in his squad shouted. Mills
dropped to the bottom of the trench as a warrior swept down behind him. Three
of his squad mates blasted the thing to bits with their rifles, spattering
Mills with bloody gore.

Suddenly, over the unbelievable din of men and aliens shouting and screaming
and the non-stop firing of rifles by both sides, he distinctly heard a strange
_whip-crack!_ from just beyond the parapet around the trench. Mills looked up
just in time to see what looked like a set of thin, barbed tentacles snap over
the top of the parapet to wrap themselves around one of his fellow
legionnaires. The man screamed in fear and agony as the metal barbs pierced
his flesh and the whip-like tails of whatever the thing was encircled his
limbs and torso.

Ignoring the chaos around him, Mills leaped to his feet, drawing his combat
knife in the same motion, intending to cut the man free of this thing that
attacked him.

But in the blink of an eye and with a howl of terror the legionnaire was
bodily snapped over the top of the parapet, as if he were a small fish that a
fisherman had snatched from the water.

Trying to erase the image of the man’s terrified expression from his mind,
Mills ducked in time to avoid having his head taken off by a Kreelan warrior’s
sword. Marveling for just an instant the he was facing an alien, he lunged
forward, blocking her sword arm with his left fist as he drove his knife into
her gut below her armored breast plate.

The warrior screamed in pain, but was far from mortally stricken. She slashed
at him with the claws of her free hand, tearing the cloth camouflage cover
from his back armor. Kneeing her in the groin to throw her off-balance, he
pulled his knife from her belly and rammed it up under her throat, the knife’s
tip burying itself in her brain.

_Whip-crack! _

Another legionnaire shrieked as he was seized by the devilish weapon and
heaved by some unseen force from the trench.

But this time Mills had seen something he had not the first time: he saw where
the tendrils had come from over the parapet. Pausing only for a moment to pick
up a rifle and shoot a warrior in the back of the head, he threw a hand
grenade over the parapet in the direction the legionnaire had disappeared.

* * *

Tesh-Dar bared her fangs in a sort of primal ecstasy that she had not felt
since the Change, since the day she was accepted as a priestess into the order
of the Desh-Ka. Having trained for combat since birth, she was finally
experiencing war in its true form, without any of the rules that governed the
challenges in the arena. Great would be the glory she brought to the Empress.

While her warriors occupied the humans in the trench, she allowed herself a
minor indulgence. She knew that she should not be standing in the open as she
was, focused on her prey. But it was an entertainment that she would allow
herself. For now. With the whips wrapped around her next victim, she gripped
the _grakh’ta_ with both mighty hands and threw her entire body into the
motion of snapping the whip back, reeling in the hapless human warrior. The
human came flying out of the trench, arcing through the air toward her. As the
creature drew to arm’s length, her left hand snapped to her short sword in a
move no human being could match. Twirling aside as her victim flew by, the
sword sang from the sheath at her waist and neatly decapitated the human
without the blade touching the tendril of the _grakh’ta_ that was wrapped
about its neck. She flicked the blade with her wrist, ridding it of most of
the human’s blood before she replaced the sword in its sheath.

She was just snapping her weapon free of the body when she sensed the small
object sailing toward her. Abandoning the _grakh’ta_ , she leaped clear as the
grenade went off, shredding both the whip and the legionnaire’s body. Had she
not been a warrior priestess with her heightened senses, she would have been
killed.

With her blood singing glory to her Empress, Tesh-Dar leaped into the trench
to find the one who had come close to killing her, to honor him with death.

* * *

Mills’s world had become a snarling orgy of stabbing, hacking, kicking, and
grappling with the alien warriors. Few rifle shots rang out now, as the enemy
was in so tightly among the legionnaires that a bullet was as likely to kill a
friend as a foe. Besides, the enemy was simply too close: at one point, while
Mills was fighting one alien, he suddenly realized that he had his back
pressed up against another alien who was doing her best to strangle a
legionnaire. Suddenly, all four of them were blown into a struggling heap as a
grenade went off nearby. Mills was the only one to get to his feet alive.

In addition to his knife, which was by now soaked with blood and had a blade
that was nicked in a dozen places, he held a Kreelan sword. He had never
received training in how to use any edged weapons but his knife and bayonet,
but he had nonetheless put it to good use. About as long as his arm and
slightly curved, the sword had proved to be an excellent weapon in trench
fighting.

A Kreelan warrior suddenly came staggering backward toward him, two
legionnaires clutching at her arms, and he stabbed the alien in the back of
the neck with the sword.

“ _Down!_ ” he yelled at his two newfound companions as he saw another
legionnaire, badly wounded, hurl himself into the midst of at least half a
dozen warriors who had cornered two more legionnaires and were hacking them to
death. Mills had seen that the man clutched a grenade in each hand, and the
resulting explosions sent bits of bodies, shredded clothing, and twisted body
armor for fifteen meters in every direction.

As he got back to his feet, helping up his compatriots, he saw something that
made his skin crawl. Looking down the trench toward the end of the regiment’s
line, perhaps twenty meters away, was what looked like nothing so much as a
living threshing machine. But it wasn’t a machine. It was an alien warrior.
She was huge compared to the others, and bigger than Mills, who stood a full
two meters tall and weighed in at one hundred kilos of solid muscle. In one
hand she had a short sword, and both it and the claws of her other hand were
soaked with blood.

Eyes wide with disbelief, he watched as a legionnaire emptied an entire
magazine from his rifle into her chest. But it was as if the bullets simply
passed through her; he could even see the spray of dirt they kicked up from
the trench wall behind her.

The warrior strode right up to the legionnaire and with what Mills thought
must be a look of contempt stabbed her claws into his chest, right through his
torso armor. Screaming in agony, blood spraying from his lips, she lifted him
from his feet and tossed him from the trench as if he weighed no more than a
piece of paper.

Suddenly, he realized what had been behind the whip-like weapon that had
snatched some of the legionnaires from the trench earlier. It had been her.

The other Kreelan warriors moved aside as she passed, rendering what appeared
to be some sort of salute. Killing every single legionnaire who stood before
her with flashing steel or outstretched claws, she finally came to a stop
directly in front of him, her strange cat’s-eyes blazing, her entire body
spattered with human blood.

As if it were some sort of signal, the rest of the Kreelan warriors in the
trench eased away from their human opponents. The exhausted legionnaires used
the unexpected respite to catch their breath, wondering just what was
happening.

“What does she want, Mills?” one of the legionnaires next to him whispered,
afraid to break the spell that had suddenly fallen over them all.

The warrior herself answered, but not with words. Raising her right arm, she
pointed at Mills. Then she handed her weapons to one of the other warriors,
who took them for safekeeping.

“I think,” Mills said slowly, “she wants a bloody duel. But why me?” He wasn’t
the biggest or toughest man in the regiment, or the best close-in fighter. On
the other hand, he was probably the biggest and toughest who was still
standing. Of the regiment’s roughly thirteen hundred men, he guessed that
maybe a hundred, if that, were still alive.

“We’ll fight with you,” the legionnaire said. Mills didn’t remember his name,
as he was from one of the other companies.

“No,” Mills told him, dropping his own weapons. “Let’s see where this leads.”

“But-”

“Quiet,” one of the others, a _sergent_ , ordered. “Mills, do what you need to
do.”

_You always wanted the ultimate thrill_ , Mills chided himself. _Well, it
looks like you finally found it_.

* * *

Tesh-Dar knew the one before her had thrown the grenade that had come close to
killing her earlier. She had never seen him, did not recognize him by scent,
and had not seen him with her second sight. But among the gifts she had was
the ability to sense some of the threads of time and action, cause and effect,
that were woven together into the river of destiny. She could not read the
future and predict where that river might lead. However, she could sometimes
see a murky vision of the past that she had not witnessed through her other
senses, a place where the river had once flowed. She could not see the river’s
trace for others, only for those events directly tied to herself.

And so it was that she now stood before this human. She had not had any idea
what he would look like, or how fiercely he would fight. She only knew that he
was the one she sought.

Around her, the other warriors gave the surviving humans some respite. Few
were left now, but they had fought well and with great honor. Many of Her
Children had died at their hands, and Tesh-Dar mourned their deaths deeply;
not that they had died and were no longer with her, but that they could never
again glorify the Empress in battle. For Tesh-Dar’s people, death, honorably
won, was the completion, the fulfillment, of life in Her eyes, and meant an
eternal place in the afterlife among the Ancient Ones.

She pointed to the crude steps leading from the trench to flat ground above
and led the human there. What motivated these creatures to burrow like sand-
worms she did not know or care to understand. All she knew was that it would
hardly serve as an impromptu arena.

* * *

Mills followed the huge warrior out of the trench and onto the ground behind
it, his feet leaving small clouds of dust as he walked. He happened to see the
alien’s feet, shod in sandals, and noticed that she left no tracks at all.
Nothing. A chill ran down his spine, wondering if she was some sort of
supernatural creature. Perversely, that thought gave him even more of a high.
He wasn’t afraid, he was completely “juiced” as some of his friends might have
said.

Behind him, a silent and altogether unnatural procession followed: the
hundreds of Kreelan warriors and the comparative handful of surviving
legionnaires, mixed together. The latter did not exactly seem to be prisoners,
for the Kreelans did not seem to care if they came along or not, or if they
kept their weapons, as long as they did not use them (the few who had were
quickly butchered). But the legionnaires went anyway, for they had no idea
what else to do, and few wanted to risk trying to take their leave of the
Kreelans. As word spread that Mills would be facing off against the big
warrior, all of them wanted to see the spectacle as much as the Kreelans
apparently did.

The warriors formed a large circle around Mills and his opponent. The
legionnaires, somewhat emboldened now by the mere fact of their continued
survival, pressed up close behind the warriors who formed the inner edge of
the circle so they could see.

Mills stood about two paces from the warrior, who kept her eyes locked on his.
He had no idea what to do to get this particular ball rolling, so he simply
waited for her to make the first move.

* * *

It was time. The human clearly had no idea what to expect or what to do, which
was understandable, as he was not of the Way. He had no way of knowing that
this challenge, defined by what may have been nothing more than a lucky throw
of a grenade, would determine not only his fate, but that of his fellow
animals, as well. She would not show him leniency, but she would show him
fairness. She would use none of her special powers, for that would be no
challenge in such a match, and would bring the Empress no glory. Even her
claws, she would not use, for the human had none. She would not give the match
away, for she knew that she could hardly lose, but she would measure him by
his determination and will to survive.

Assuming one of many choices of combat stances, she opened the challenge with
a restrained open-handed strike against the human animal.

* * *

Mills shook his head to clear his brain as he got to his feet, his ears
ringing from the blow the alien had just landed on him. He knew intellectually
that it had been little more than an open-handed slap, but it came at him like
lightning and felt like a freight train had slammed into the side of his head.

“Get the _salope_ , Mills!” one of the legionnaires suddenly yelled, tossing
any remaining caution about the warriors surrounding them to the wind. His
shout of encouragement led to a groundswell of others, and in but a moment
every single legionnaire was shouting for him.

It was what he needed. He didn’t expect to win against this alien killing
machine, but he would do his best to make her remember the men of the _2ème
REP._

He raised his hands to protect his face, elbows held in tight to his sides,
and moved closer to her. One of her arms shot out, but he was ready this time.
He managed to grab hold of her arm and pull her slightly off-balance. As she
grabbed for him with her other hand - _Damn those claws!_ He cursed to himself
- he pulled her in even closer and suddenly slammed his forehead into her
chin.

With a surprised grunt she roughly shoved him away, and he couldn’t escape the
feeling that she had simply allowed him to get away with it. He had seen some
of the things she could do, and he could hardly accept that his skills were a
match for hers. But he didn’t care. He moved in again quickly, leaving himself
largely open to attack as he concentrated on his own offense.

* * *

While the human was no match for her skills, he was clearly determined, and
continued to come after her no matter how many times she batted him away or
threw him to the ground. His face was bruised and bleeding now, and he wheezed
when he breathed. The knuckles of his hands were bloodied, with both her blood
and his own, and no doubt some of his bones were broken.

But the human doggedly continued to attack her, even as he approached complete
exhaustion. At one point they were locked in an embrace after he had moved in
close to her, sustaining a rain of blows to get close enough to try and throw
her to the ground. She had actually found herself holding him up for a moment
as he clung to her, panting for breath. Sensing he had regained enough energy
to at least stay on his feet, she released him, sending him back with another
set of blows to the head that again knocked him to the ground.

The humans intermingled with her warriors, a strange phenomenon that she would
never have expected, shouted their encouragement in gibberish, and she had to
credit them with spirited support. Soulless creatures they might be, beyond
Her love and light, but she could not fault their warrior spirit. Truly, she
thought, the Empire had found a worthy race to bring honor to the Empress in
battle.

She let the human continue to batter himself senseless against her, until at
last, finally, he simply had not the strength to rise again. But even then,
exhausted and beaten, he still struggled to rise, to fight.

“Enough,” she murmured to herself, bringing the ritual challenge to an end.

* * *

“ _Kazh_ ,” the big warrior said softly.

At least that’s what Mills thought she might have said, whatever it meant,
over the ringing in his head and the sound of his own gasping for air. The
legionnaires continued to shout their encouragement, their voices hoarse and
frayed from yelling so long. Lying face down in the dirt, his body was
totally, utterly exhausted. Every muscle quivered, and he could hardly move at
all. He was bruised everywhere, and he knew that at least a few bones must be
broken, mostly in his hands where they had hit the Kreelan’s jaw, which was as
hard as steel plate. Blood was running into both his eyes from cuts on his
forehead from where she had hit him or her claws had lightly cut him, and he
had dozens of other cuts everywhere that wasn’t covered by his body armor. But
he knew those cuts were merely incidental: she had clearly not used her claws
as weapons, or he would have been dead in the first few seconds of the fight.

“Fuck,” he gasped through lips that looked like crushed tomatoes, streaming
blood down his chin. He didn’t have to poke his tongue along his gums to know
that he’d lost a few teeth: one he’d accidentally swallowed right after the
Kreelan’s fist had knocked it loose; the rest he’d managed to spit out.

He tried to get up, but simply couldn’t. Finally, he gave up and simply lay
there. There was nothing more he could do.

Suddenly, he felt a hand grip his arm and turn him over. It was the warrior.
He offered up a bloody smile, knowing that she, too, had her own set of cuts
and bruises, and he was the proud culprit. At this point he didn’t care if she
had gone easy and let him have some mercy hits against her. He’d managed to
bloody her up a bit, and that was all that mattered.

The legionnaires fell silent as they waited for the axe, literally, to fall on
Mills.

Much to their surprise it didn’t. The big Kreelan merely nodded her head, then
reached out with her hands to snip off a bit of his hair, which was no mean
feat, considering that it was barely a finger’s breadth in length. This she
tucked into a small black leather pouch on her belt.

Then, standing up, she said something in her language loud enough for all the
gathered warriors to hear. They all said something back in unison, and
hammered their left fists against their right breasts.

With that, the huge warrior turned and walked away. The other warriors quietly
followed after her, leaving eighty-seven very confused but infinitely relieved
Legion paratroopers behind.


* Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWENTY**

  

After the connection to Grishin had broken, Steph followed Sparks as he led
the staff and crew of his command vehicle through the rubble of the building
and out into the street. While many of the buildings looked fairly intact,
most of them had suffered at least superficial damage from the blast when the
cruiser had crashed, and there wasn’t a single unbroken pane of glass in
sight. The air was still heavy with smoke and dust from the shells the Kreelan
ships had fired at his command vehicle and the other vehicles that made up the
regiment’s field headquarters. But the other vehicles had not been quite so
lucky as his: the other three command vehicles of the headquarters company
were smoldering wrecks. She looked up as what looked like snow started falling
around them, carried by the artificial wind generated by the firestorm that
was consuming the inner part of the city.

“Ash,” Sparks said in a low voice, answering her unasked question as his eyes
warily scanned the street. There had still been a lot of civilians out in the
open when the Kreelans struck, despite the best efforts of Sparks and the
other members of the company to convince the locals to find some sort of
shelter. Sparks himself had been the last one under cover, staying until the
very last second in the street to try and convince even a single civilian to
get to safety. But all they were concerned about was the damage his vehicles
were causing.

The air was filled with the cries and wails of the injured and the bereaved.
Bodies were strewn haphazardly along the sidewalks, mostly victims of the
Kreelan guns that had targeted the command vehicles. Others were victims of
the titanic blast that had torn out the heart of the city, but they were far
enough away here that most of those casualties were from flying debris. Still
others were curled on the street or wandering, helpless, their hands covering
their eyes from the pain of being flash-blinded.

Steph captured it all on video, as always making voice notes. But she noticed
that her voice held an uncharacteristic flutter: she had never seen
devastation on this scale, and the shock of it had deeply unsettled her. She
momentarily focused the view on an Arab-descended woman near the center of the
street, next to a car that she must have been in before the attack. She was
sitting on the rough cobblestones, cradling a young girl, perhaps four years
old, in her lap. Steph didn’t know Arabic, but she didn’t need to: the woman
was shrieking with the anguish only a mother can truly know. From the amount
of blood on the child’s body, it was clear to Steph that the young girl was
dead.

Steph had seen anguish and horror before, but never quite like this. Suddenly,
it was too much. Dropping the rifle she now carried, she fell to her knees and
vomited.

“Come on, miss,” Sergeant Hadley, now her personal bodyguard, told her as he
gently took hold of her arm to help her up. “We’ve got to keep moving.”

Nodding, wiping the foulness from her mouth with one hand as she picked up the
rifle with the other, Steph got to her feet. On unsteady legs, she let Hadley
help her along to keep up with the colonel’s pace.

“First Battalion shouldn’t be more than half a block from here,” the
operations officer was saying. “We ought to be seeing tanks popping out of
buildings all over the place.”

“I’m not so sure, major,” Sparks said as he checked the corner of a cross
street, peering around the corner to make sure there weren’t any enemy waiting
for them. “I think the damn Kreelans pounded everything that was-”

“ _You!_ ”

All of them turned at the sound of the voice. A middle-aged man, bloodied and
dressed only in torn rags that once must have been nice clothes of the style
the Chinese wore here, stood in the street holding a young man, what was left
of him, in his arms.

“It was _you!_ ” the man cried. “This is your doing!” Then he yelled at them
in Chinese, then in Arabic. Other survivors, up and down the street, took
notice of the commotion. “ _They_ came because of _you_ ,” the man went on,
moving slowly toward them with his grisly burden. “My son died because of
_you!_ ”

More people were gathering now, their faces ugly as they muttered in a mixture
of Arabic and Chinese.

“Shit,” Steph heard Hadley whisper. “Get behind me.” Without asking questions,
she slid behind him, noticing that while he wasn’t pointing his rifle at
anyone, he wasn’t exactly pointing it away, either.

“The aliens were coming anyway,” Sparks told the man calmly. Raising his voice
so the crowd could hear him, he said, “The aliens have been planning this
attack for over a year. We came to help protect you. We-”

“ _No!_ ” The man screamed as he staggered closer with his son’s limp form.
“Your ship found them and led them to us,” he cried. “A _Terran_ ship gave
away our world to them. You played us for pawns as your kind always has. Then
you came with your weapons of war to fight them on our world. _Our world!_ ”

By now, the crowd had grown to well over a hundred people, with more coming to
see what was going on.

“Listen, mister,” Sparks tried one last time, frustration clearly evident in
his voice. “We’ve got to reach my tanks before the enemy gets here-”

“ _You_ are the enemy!” the man cried, and the crowd’s murmuring grew to an
angry growl.

Steph noticed through her video pickup that people were picking up bricks,
broken cobblestones, even big shards of glass. She was holding her rifle with
a white-knuckled grip. She had fired a weapon before, but had never actually
shot at anyone. And she sure as hell didn’t want to shoot any of these poor
people.

As the crowd began to close in, a new noise rose above their jeering:
screaming. It wasn’t the wailing of those who had lost their loved ones, or
those who were in agony: it was a scream of fear, echoing from a multitude of
voices.

Suddenly a handful of people rounded a corner about a hundred meters down the
street in the direction of the city’s burning center. All young men, they were
running flat out toward where the crowd now surrounded Sparks and his troops.
Then a torrent of people, not able to run quite as fast, surged around the
corner, all of them screaming in terror. There were hundreds of them, then
thousands, a river of terrified people that quickly filled the street.

Sparks knew what was coming. Walking up to the man who led the crowd
surrounding them, he grabbed him by the arms and leaned over the man’s dead
son until their noses nearly touched. “The aliens are coming. Now. Let us go
so we can fight them or you’re going to all die right here.”

The man didn’t move, but simply stared at Sparks with accusatory eyes.

But the others crowded around them got the message. Even those who didn’t
understand English knew that something terrible was behind the crush of people
stampeding toward them. Dropping their bricks and bits of glass, they turned
to run.

“Get inside!” Sparks ordered as he let go of the man and dashed to the side of
the street, kicking down the still-standing door of a shop. The others
followed him.

Inside, Steph looked at the man who suddenly stood alone in the street, still
holding his son. Then, in the blink of an eye, he was gone, shoved to the
ground and trampled by thousands of screaming people.

Somewhere farther down the street, in the direction the mob was headed, a
tank’s main gun fired.

* * *

“Fuck,” Coyle said as she wiped the blood from her lip. The unexpected shock
wave that preceded the shells that hit her platoon’s position had slammed her
head against the commander’s miniature control console. Its edges were padded,
but even that didn’t help when your lips were rammed into it full-force.
“Status!” she barked.

“Green,” Sergeant Yuri Kirov, her gunner, replied. “Weapons are up and ready.”

“We can move,” Mannie, the driver, told her, “but I’ve got two caution lights
on the right-hand drive. Shouldn’t be a problem unless you want to go flying
cross-country.”

“Let’s just see if we can dig ourselves out of this shit,” she told him. She
had tried opening the hatch, but couldn’t: it was blocked by rubble. Shifting
views from her cupola sensors to the gunner’s sight, then to the driver’s
sensors, it was clear that her Wolfhound was completely buried by the building
they were in. “Mannie...” she paused. She wasn’t sure if it would be smarter
to try and move out of the rubble slowly to minimize the risk of damaging the
tracks and the other equipment on the outside of the hull, or just gun it and
get it over with. Normally, she would have gone slowly, but if there were
Kreelans around, she’d be a sitting duck until the turret was clear. “Shit.
Mannie, we’re going to have to risk throwing a track. If there are bad guys
out there, I don’t want them to shoot the crap out of us while we’re being all
careful-like getting out of this dump.”

“Roger that,” he said, squirming a bit deeper into his seat as he gripped the
controls. “Hang on to your hats, boys and girls,” he warned as he gently
goosed the Wolfhound’s accelerator. Less experienced drivers might have just
stomped on it, which Mannie knew would have most likely made a spectacular
display of spinning the tracks and spewing debris everywhere, while not moving
them a whit. Driving a heavy armored vehicle really well required more finesse
than most people realized. He felt the meter-wide tracks pull tight, just to
the point where the big tank lurched. Then at just the right moment he goosed
the accelerator, sending a hundred and twenty-five tons of fighting steel
through what was left of the building, scattering bits of brick and glass
everywhere into the street beyond.

“Jesus!” Coyle cried as the vision displays showed what was ahead of them: the
street was filled with people.

“Oh, fuck,” Mannie whispered, slamming on the Wolfhound’s brakes, rocking the
huge vehicle to a hard stop. “God help me...”

“Take it easy,” Coyle said, her voice brittle. “It’s my responsibility,
Mannie,” she whispered as the close-in display showed her the bodies that had
been crushed under her tank’s tracks. There must have been at least half a
dozen. If she listened closely, which she desperately tried not to, she could
hear the screaming from at least one person whose legs were pinned under them.
“Listen, I’ll go out and help-”

“Stay put,” Yuri, the gunner, said quietly. “Look at them all. They’re
running.”

“You’d run, too, if somebody had just run over a bunch of your friends with a
tank, you bastard!” Mannie shouted at him, tears in his eyes.

“No, Mannie,” Yuri said. “They’re not running from _us_ ; they’re running from
_them_.” He hit the controls that echoed his gunsight display to the driver
and commander stations. In the magnified view, it was clear that something far
more horrible than their tank was stalking the people outside. For the first
time, they saw the real-life version of the artist’s renderings they had all
laughed at during the pre-drop briefings, thinking the female warrior aliens
had been a great joke.

But the lewd versions that a lot of the troops had come up with weren’t so
funny as Coyle and her crewmen watched a line of alien warriors moving along
behind a group of two or three hundred people that had been streaming past the
building, cutting down any that came within reach with swords and claws.

“Shit,” Coyle cursed. “Mannie, move forward slowly. We’ve got to clear this
building and get into a firing position away from those people.” Firing the
main gun over the heads of the fleeing civilians was out of the question: the
overpressure near the muzzle of the barrel when the gun fired was so high that
it would kill anyone inside half a dozen meters.

“No!” Mannie shouted, horrified. “I can’t. There are more people in front of
us!” The crowd had largely run past by now, but there were still dead and
wounded lying in the street, most of them casualties of the Kreelan attack
against the tanks.

“Mannie, if we don’t move, we’re going to get our asses kicked!” Coyle shouted
at him. “ _Move forward slowly, corporal!_ ”

“Okay,” Mannie whispered, taking his foot off the brake and gingerly applying
pressure to the accelerator. The tank’s massive twin electric motors, powered
by an equally huge bank of fuel cells deep in its armored belly, smoothly
turned the drive sprockets and put the Wolfhound in motion again.

“Mannie,” Coyle said more gently, “adjust the vertical gain on your forward
display so you don’t see what’s down on the street. Just keep us from hitting
the buildings, okay?”

“Roger,” he managed, doing as she had told him. It wouldn’t matter, because
the images of the crushed bodies were burned into his brain.

“Shit,” Yuri said, keeping the turret aligned in the direction of the
warriors. “They see us.” A number of the Kreelans looked straight at them and
cried out to the others. But they kept coming after the civilians, driving
them like cattle right toward the tank that now sat idling uncertainly in the
middle of the street.

“They’d have to be blind not to,” Coyle said as she scanned all around them in
her vision display to make sure nothing took them by surprise. Aside from the
still-rising fireball at the city center, all she could see were screaming
people being pursued by the line of Kreelans. “Dammit, we’re not going to have
enough clearance from the civvies for the main gun. Yuri, use the coax.”

“I don’t have a clear shot,” he told her, praying that she wouldn’t order him
to fire, anyway. In his digital gunsight, human heads bobbed in the sight
picture as people ran past: if he fired, he would accidentally decapitate at
least a few.

“Crap,” Coyle snarled as she tried to bring her own weapon to bear. A three-
barreled gatling gun that fired twenty millimeter shells at over a thousand
rounds per minute, it was mounted high enough that it cleared the heads of the
fleeing civilians in her own remote gunsight display. There was only one
problem: it was jammed and wouldn’t move. “It must be jimmied with rubble.”

“Grenades!” Yuri warned as he saw some of the Kreelans, whose attention was
now fixed on the tank, detach some sort of weapon from their belts that could
only be some sort of anti-tank grenade. The weapons glowed with electric fire,
and he definitely didn’t like the look of them.

Coyle had no choice: risk killing some of the civilians or have the Kreelans
attack her vehicle. “Close-in mortar,” she warned, “danger close.” She lifted
up a clear cover over a small red button and jammed it with her finger. Her
sight display switched to a computer-generated overhead view of what was
around the vehicle. Clearly displayed were yellow-colored dots representing
the Kreelan warriors, and she quickly drew a box around them with her finger.

In the roof of the massive turret was one of the vehicle’s close-in defense
weapons: a small mortar that could fire one or more forty millimeter smart
grenades. It could rotate and adjust the distance the projectiles would fire,
covering the area she had marked on her display.

She hit the glowing “Fire” button on the weapon control panel, and the mortar
pumped out eight rounds in two seconds with precisely controlled spurts of
highly compressed air. The weapon couldn’t reach more than a hundred meters,
but that was more than enough for what Coyle needed.

The line of Kreelan warriors suddenly disintegrated as the small but potent
mortar rounds exploded among them at waist height, with a shrapnel pattern
that expanded horizontally like an opening fan. It was none too soon: a few
more seconds and they would have been within throwing range for their
grenades. As it was, they were close enough that some of the shrapnel pinged
off of _Chiquita’s_ heavy armor

Amazingly, none of the civilians were injured, the bodies of the Kreelans
having absorbed nearly all of the shrapnel.

The civilians safely past, Yuri opened up with the coaxial gun, another twenty
millimeter cannon. The tank was suddenly filled with the weapon’s growl as it
spewed shells into the few surviving Kreelans, who were still dazed by the
mortar explosions. The alien bodies exploded under Yuri’s withering fire, and
in a few seconds there were no targets left to shoot at.

“Sergeant Coyle?” a voice suddenly crackled over her headset. “Can you hear
me?”

Breathing a huge sigh of relief that at least one of her platoon’s other tanks
was alive, she said, “I never thought I’d be happy to hear your voice, Gomez,
but we’re damned glad to see ya.” In her cupola display, she watched as
Gomez’s tank moved to one side of hers, keeping its turret pointed in the
opposite direction from where Coyle’s turret was aimed, covering their
collective backs. She looked at her console, her suspicion confirmed: the
tanks only had communications in line-of-sight mode by laser. The Kreelans
must have done something to mess up any radio frequency communications.

“Any word on the other two tracks?” she asked, wondering about the other two
tanks in her platoon.

There was a slight pause. “They both bought it,” Gomez said somberly.
“Ivanova’s tank took what must’ve been a twenty centimeter round from one of
those enemy cruisers right on the turret mount. She didn’t stand a chance. I
don’t know what happened to Inoue, but his track was a burning wreck. No
survivors.”

“Fuck,” Coyle hissed, leaning her head against the coaming of the commander’s
hatch. “Any word from company or higher?”

“Zilch,” Gomez said somberly. “We just dug our way out of that crap we were
buried in, so you’d have had a better chance than us to hear anything. Only
thing working is the fucking lasers, and all the whiskers on our left side got
scraped off when we dug out of the building. So we can only talk and hear on
the right side.”

“Okay,” Coyle said as she popped the hatch. She needed to try and free up her
gatling gun. “Take up position in echelon left,” she said, which would put
Gomez’s tank to her left so the other vehicle’s communications lasers would be
able to network with hers, “and let’s move back toward the battalion CP to see
if we can find anybody else. Surely there must be someone else left alive in
this clusterfuck.”

“Oh, shit,” Yuri whispered as he scanned back and forth with the turret to
cover their portion of the street and what lay beyond. “We’ve got company. And
lots of it.”

Coyle looked up from hammering at the gatling gun’s mount to see what must
have been hundreds, if not more, Kreelan warriors come striding around a
corner a few hundred meters down the cross street from the intersection where
the tanks now sat.

The warriors paused momentarily as they caught sight of the pair of tanks.
Then they broke into a run straight toward the two human vehicles, and Coyle’s
skin crawled as the Kreelans howled their bloodlust.

Hammering one last desperate time at a bent pin that was all that was keeping
the gatling gun’s mount from moving freely, she grunted in satisfaction as the
weapon suddenly slewed around on its mount, centering itself. Coyle dropped
back into her seat, the hatch hissing shut behind her. “Jesus,” she said in
wonder as she looked at the display. “They must not have a fucking clue what
they’re attacking.” The Kreelans were running headlong toward them like a
bunch of primitives who had never seen an armored vehicle. “Fine by me,” she
muttered. “Dumbass alien bitches in the open,” she called out her own version
of the target type. “Load flechette, area fire.”

“Up!” Yuri instantly replied, having already selected the round he knew she’d
want.

“ _Fire!_ ”

The tank rocked back as its twenty centimeter cannon, the same size as those
fitted on the Terran heavy cruisers, but not as powerful or fast-loading,
fired with a gout of flame. Propelled by a powerful binary liquid propellant
that was injected into the breech and ignited, the flechette round wasn’t
simply a gigantic equivalent of a shotgun round. Much like the close-in
defense weapon that could cover an area designated by the tank’s commander,
the flechette round could cover a larger or smaller area, as necessary. After
he’d loaded it, Yuri had swiped his thumb across the line of Kreelan warriors
shown in his display, designating the entire mass as a target. The tank’s
computers did the rest.

As the round sped downrange, miniature explosive charges inside detonated at
precise intervals, spreading the thousands of flechettes into a broad
horizontal pattern to cover most of the Kreelan line.

The results were horrific. Fully the first three ranks of alien warriors were
cut to ribbons in a spray of bloody mist by the finger-length razor-sharp
projectiles. Their breast armor was strong, but not strong enough to stand up
to flechettes moving at three thousand meters per second. Coyle, as happy as
she was to give the enemy a pounding, was sickened at the sight. The street
was instantly awash in blood and bits of bodies. While she had fired flechette
rounds at the ranges for training, of course, she had never actually used one
on live targets. With the exception of a few of the senior officers and NCOs
who had served during the St. Petersburg war, none of the soldiers of the
Terran units had actually seen combat before this. Despite years of training,
it was a rude awakening.

“Oh, God,” Yuri said in nauseated wonder.

“That should slow them down...” Coyle said with a shaking voice as she clamped
down on her own urgent desire to vomit.

But the alien warriors didn’t slow down. If anything, the massacre of their
front ranks sent them into even more of a frenzy. Coyle couldn’t be sure, but
it didn’t seem like rage, either: it was like they were all having some sort
of alien orgasm. But they weren’t stupid: the mass of warriors instantly broke
up into groups. Most of them headed for the cover of the surrounding
buildings, while a couple of groups continued toward the tanks, running fast
and weaving to make harder targets.

As Yuri tried to blast them with his coaxial weapon, Coyle ordered the driver,
“Mannie, turn us around and head down the street toward where the battalion CP
was. Gomez, echelon left.” She needed to get the tanks away from the buildings
the Kreelans were swarming into: if they could clamber through the rubble to
this side of the buildings, they’d be in great positions to hit her tanks from
above with whatever weapons they might have for the job. While the gatling
guns on the roof could nail them on the upper floors, the main guns couldn’t
elevate that far.

Then again, they didn’t necessarily have to.

“Target, building,” Coyle snapped to Yuri as she moved the pipper on her
command console over the nearest building the Kreelans had headed for, showing
Yuri the target she wanted serviced. “HE-Thermo.”

There was a brief whine as the turret’s primary magazine whirred, bringing up
the type of round she wanted, then a solid _thunk_ as the autoloader rammed it
into the breech. A second later, the gun now aligned to the target, Yuri
barked, “Up!”

“Fire!”

_Chiquita’s_ main gun roared, sending the high-explosive thermobaric round
into the already heavily damaged building across the street. Unlike a regular
high-explosive round that exploded in much the same fashion, if with more
effect, than its progenitor TNT centuries before, the HE-thermobaric rounds
used a variety of chemical and metallic compounds, detonated in a precise
fashion, to greatly enhance the weapon’s explosive blast. They weren’t useful
in every situation or against every target, but in this case it was just what
the doctor ordered: the round streaked through a window to hit the back wall
of the room within, and the resulting fiery blast and shock wave blew out the
entire front wall. A moment later, the roof sagged and what was left of the
three-story building suddenly collapsed into a heap of flaming debris. She
didn’t see any bodies, but Coyle knew that if any of the enemy were in there,
they wouldn’t be a problem anymore.

“Punch it, Mannie,” she said, keeping a close eye on her displays as the big
tank rumbled down the street, with Gomez’s alongside. She needed to find the
rest of the battalion. Because as powerful as her tanks were, stuck here in
the close confines of the city, it was only a matter of time before the
Kreelans killed them.

* * *

“Colonel, this is suicide,” the operations officer argued quietly. He kept his
voice down because he didn’t want to embarrass Sparks in front of the others.

Holed up in the shop they’d sought refuge in, the others looked out the
remains of the front window, watching the terrified mob. They had barricaded
the door to keep the river of people from flooding into their safe haven, but
most of the civilians weren’t interested in finding a hideout: they were
simply trying to flee.

Momentarily ignoring the major, Sparks finally caught a glimpse of what had
caused the panic outside: a mass of alien warriors, looking just like Sato had
described them, were driving them down the street like cattle. But instead of
using prods, the aliens were using swords and other weapons. The Kreelans
didn’t seem to be intent on massacring the civilians; it was more like they
were simply trying to get them out of the way. Even at that, they were still
killing dozens every second, hacking their way through the people at the rear
of the mob who were penned in by the crush of people in front of them.

He didn’t have any illusions about their own chances of survival: while he
couldn’t see them clearly, there must have been hundreds of warriors, and he
only had half a dozen soldiers and a journalist. He knew at least some of his
tanks had survived, because he could hear the piercing _crack_ of their main
guns and the rumbling purr of their gatling guns somewhere in the distance.
But he couldn’t see a way to reach them without being swallowed up by the mob.
And the only way out of the shop was through the front: there was no back
exit.

Even if there was a back way out, Sparks would not have taken it. This had
gone beyond something that could be dealt with through application of the
appropriate tactics and sufficient firepower. For him, it had become a
question of honor. “Major,” he said, loud enough that everyone could hear him,
“when you first came to my regiment and I asked you what you thought your
primary job was, you told me it was to help me manage the deployment of my
regiment. Do you remember what I told you?”

“Yes, sir, I do,” the major replied as everyone’s head turned to watch them.

“What was it I said, major?”

“You said, sir,” the operations officer managed, automatically bringing
himself to attention, “that the first job of every member of the regiment was
to kill the enemy.”

“That would be correct, major,” Sparks growled, turning to him with smoldering
eyes. “ _To kill the enemy_. That is what we do. _There_ , major,” he shouted,
pointing to the rapidly approaching Kreelans, “is the enemy! If you think for
one damned minute,” he went on, lowering his voice slightly, “that I am going
to simply stand here while those _things_ butcher more civilians, you are
badly mistaken. If we die, so be it. Nobody joins the 7th Cavalry because they
want to live forever. Do you understand me, major?”

“ _Garry Owen_ , sir,” the major said, saluting. The 7th Cav had been known as
the _Garry Owen_ regiment, the name taken from the Irish drinking song
_Garryowen_. The tune had been a favorite of the regiment’s most famous
commander, General George Armstrong Custer, and _Garryowen_ was made the
regiment’s official song. Since then, the term “Garry Owen” had come to mean a
combination of _yes_ and _can-do_ underscored with the sort of determination
that only those who are willing to risk their lives every day in the line of
duty can truly understand. It was at once a very small thing, and at the same
time a very important thing to those who served in the regiment.

“Good,” Sparks said, dismissing the man with his eyes. “Listen up,” he said to
the rest of them. “This isn’t going to be fancy or pretty. As soon as the
enemy line reaches us and we have a clear shot down their flank, open fire
with everything you’ve got. Hadley, you’ve got the best throwing arm: take
whatever grenades we have and let fly. Everyone keep shooting until we run out
of targets or ammo. Miss Guillaume,” he said, turning to her, “this isn’t
something I can order or force you to do. But in the interests of what is no
doubt a very slim chance of your own survival, it would behoove you to use
your weapon to good effect.”

Gulping, Steph nodded. “Yes, colonel,” she said, her voice shaking. Her
insides felt like everything had turned to jelly, and she felt like her
stomach, bladder, and bowels were all ready to let go at the same time.

“Fix bayonets,” Sparks growled as he pulled his own from his combat webbing
and attached it to the muzzle of his rifle. The others immediately did the
same, although Hadley had to help Steph attach hers, taking the bayonet from
the standard combat webbing he’d given her when they abandoned the command
vehicle.

She stared at the black blade, the silvery edge of the weapon reflecting the
many colors of the people who were still streaming by. But they were getting
to the end now, and the screams of fear were being replaced by cries of agony
from those who were being cut down by the Kreelans. She thought she might be
able to shoot one of the aliens, but to stab one with a bayonet? “Jesus,” she
breathed.

“Stick next to me,” Hadley told her as he moved her behind a counter made of
thick wood. After placing a handful of grenades on the floor by his feet, he
put his rifle on top of the counter, pointing toward the window. “Remember,
the rifle’s going to kick some, so don’t let it surprise you.” He double-
checked that her weapon was set for single-shot fire and not automatic: he
didn’t want her to accidentally spray bullets around the shop and hit the
others. “Take your time and remember to breathe.”

“Okay,” she said in a small voice, trying desperately to rally her confidence.
“God, I have to pee,” she muttered to herself, then suddenly giggled as she
realized that she was still recording everything. _I’d better win the Pulitzer
for this one_ , she thought giddily.

Sparks and the others had also taken cover where they could find it, some
behind the counter, Sparks and the major kneeling on either side of the
window. Luckily, the shop was big enough that they could all shoot through the
front window without getting in each other’s line of fire.

“Stand by,” Sparks warned as he peered around the edge of the window, holding
his rifle to his chest. The Kreelan line wasn’t perfectly straight, of course,
but it was close enough. “Steady...” he brought his own rifle up, making sure
the muzzle would not protrude into the street. “ _Open fire!_ ”

Half a dozen assault rifles chattered in unison, slamming hundreds of rounds
into the flank of the Kreelan line, completely surprising the enemy warriors.
Their chest armor saved some of them, but unlike the shotguns that the
Alliance sailors had used against the Kreelan boarders, the Terran assault
rifles, especially at point-blank range, had a lot more penetrating power.

“Down!” Sparks screamed as he saw a number of the Kreelans throwing something.
Everyone ducked but a soldier who hadn’t heard over the deafening rifle fire:
she suddenly staggered back, a miniature flying buzz-saw having cut right
through her combat helmet to embed itself in her brain. With a twitch, she
pitched backward, dead.

Sparks and the major resumed firing, and the others joined in, popping up to
fire a few rounds, then ducking down as more of the flying weapons sailed
through the front window.

Hadley grabbed a grenade and hurled it through the window like a hail Mary
pass, then dropped back down to snatch up another one. There was no need to
look for a good target: the Kreelans were bunching up out in front of the
shop. It didn’t matter where he threw the grenades, because he just couldn’t
miss. The explosions rocked the shop and shook dust and plaster loose from the
ceiling to rain down on them.

Steph was holding her rifle in front of her, pointed out the window, but still
hadn’t fired a single shot. She was staring wide-eyed at the frenzied action,
watching it as if she were doing a slow-motion review of her own recording.
The Kreelans, throwing any sort of tactics or caution to the wind, trying to
rush the window. The cavalrymen, faces locked in expressions of grim
determination, pouring rifle fire into the enemy. Two more of the soldiers
being killed by the flying weapons, one of them decapitated, the other falling
to the floor with one embedded in his chest. Hadley next to her, screaming
epithets at the enemy as he bobbed up and down like a lethal jack-in-the-box,
hurling grenades into the enemy’s midst. The smoke from the rifles, acrid and
foul-smelling, mixed with the coppery tang of blood and the dryness of plaster
dust, that wreathed the soldiers. Colonel Sparks, his rifle’s magazine having
run dry, thrusting his bayonet into the neck of an alien warrior who had
managed to leap through the window, falling on top of her, driving the
bayonet’s tip into the wood floor as the alien thrashed and clawed at him. And
the terrible, terrible snarling of the enemy warriors, their fangs gleaming as
they howled in some terrible ecstasy while they crashed in wave upon wave
against the humans’ defensive position.

All this she saw in what could only have been a few seconds before another
warrior flung herself through the window to land right in front of Steph, the
Kreelan’s sword raised high and fangs bared in a killing rage. Time was
suspended for a moment as Steph realized that there was no one else to help
her: Hadley was down behind the counter, reloading his own rifle. Sparks,
spattered with blood, was shouting something at her, even as he was trying to
pull his bayonet from the Kreelan he had just killed. The others seemed not to
have noticed that there was an enemy warrior in their midst as they
frantically fired at the endless stream of warriors trying to climb through
the window.

Steph tried to scream, but nothing came out: her body was completely
paralyzed. She saw the gleaming blade of the sword - so beautiful! - swinging
toward her neck, and in that moment she knew that she was going to die.

But before the blade could touch her flesh, the Kreelan warrior unexpectedly
flew backward, still in slow motion, and Steph imagined a look of surprise and
perhaps even disappointment on her alien features. There was a single round
hole in her chest armor, right between her well-proportioned breasts, the
black of the armor around the hole now a star of shiny metal.

With no small surprise, Steph saw the swirl of smoke streaming from the muzzle
of her own rifle; she had not seen the muzzle flash as the round fired.
Perhaps she had her eyes closed, an infinitely long time as she blinked. She
felt her right index finger, curled around the trigger and holding it tight.
With a conscious effort, she managed to let go: Hadley had told her that the
rifle wouldn’t fire again until she let up on the trigger.

For the first time in her life, she had killed another creature larger than a
fly. A sentient being. An enemy of the human race. A being intent on killing
her. She wasn’t sure whether she wanted to celebrate or puke. But as her
perception of time again sped up as the Kreelan warrior’s body fell lifeless
to the floor, she realized she didn’t have time for either. With newfound
determination, she raised the rifle to her shoulder and fired again. And
again.

* * *

“What the fuck?” Coyle yelped as a huge stream of people came tearing around a
street corner halfway up the block, heading straight toward them. Unlike the
first group they had encountered, which had been a few hundred, this was a
gigantic mob that filled the entire street. She heard screaming above the low
whine of the tank’s motors, accompanied by a frenzied volley of weapons fire.
She could tell that the firing was from Terran assault rifles from their
distinct staccato sound.

Standing up in the cupola so she could see better, she didn’t have to tell
Mannie to stop the tank. But he hit the brakes so hard that her chest slammed
into the metal hatch coaming. Her body armor kept her from being bruised, but
it was hard enough to almost knock the wind out of her. Mannie was still
shaken by running over the people when they broke free of the building they’d
used for cover, and she’d heard him vomit three times. But she didn’t have
anyone to relieve him.

They had passed by the First Battalion commander’s position, and found his
command track burned to a crisp with two gigantic holes punched through the
armor. Of their own company commander there was no trace, nor had any of the
other company commanders survived. Or if they were still alive, they hadn’t
been able to dig themselves out of the rubble. So Coyle had kept searching.

One tank from another company had joined them, but so far that was it for
their entire battalion. It was clear that they had gotten the full treatment
from the Kreelan ships as they passed overhead. Coyle couldn’t be sure, but
she suspected that they must have homed in on anything using a combat data-
link, because the command tracks had received special attention. But you
didn’t have to be a genius to find a tank, she thought, disgusted.

Some tanks had survived the barrage, only to be killed by something else. She
had found nearly half a dozen in the street that looked like they’d been
incinerated. The sight made her very uneasy: while the streets here were quite
wide, this being a newer upscale district, the tanks were still extremely
vulnerable to attack by any Kreelans holed up in the buildings they passed.

The only good news was that she’d run into a platoon of infantry that had
somehow survived. They were part of the mechanized infantry company that was
task-organized to her battalion. Their infantry combat vehicle had been hit by
the enemy ships, but had only been disabled. So they went looking for other
survivors, and the enemy, on foot.

They soon found that the rest of their company hadn’t been so lucky: every
other vehicle in the company had been destroyed.

While the platoon was commanded by a second lieutenant, she knew that he was
straight out of school and had zero leadership experience. She’d called him
and his platoon sergeant, who also outranked her, up on top of her tank and
told them quietly but bluntly that she wasn’t going to obey any orders that
she thought were stupid and would endanger her tanks needlessly, and if the
boy had any sense he would listen to what she told him and do it.

Much to her surprise, the lieutenant had agreed. With a wry smile and no small
amount of sarcastic wit, he turned to his platoon sergeant and said, “So, is
this one of those leadership training opportunities you were telling me
about?”

The three of them had a good chuckle at that, and after a brief discussion the
lieutenant set about putting Coyle’s “suggestions” into action, deploying his
squads ahead, behind, and to either side of the tanks to help protect them
from bomb-throwing alien wenches that the tankers might not see or be able to
react to in time. Coyle was incredibly relieved.

Now, with the screaming horde of civilians flooding toward them, the infantry
hurried to get out of the way, flattening themselves against the walls on
either side of the street. A few of them - _Idiots!_ Coyle cursed - tried to
get in front of the mob and wave them to a stop. But at the last moment they
all managed to dodge out of the way of the speeding human freight train.

The people surged around her tank, which was at the front of the modified
three-tank wedge they had been moving in, and then suddenly started climbing
on top of it, clearly with the intention of trying to get into its protective
armored shell.

“Oh, no, you don’t,” Coyle cried as a man did an amazing set of acrobatics up
the front glacis plate, over the gun, and onto the top of the turret, reaching
for her hatch. She hit the panic bar, dropping her seat down inside the turret
and slamming the hatch closed, barely missing the man’s fingers. She hoped
Gomez and the other tank crew had buttoned up or they were going to have an
interesting time.

“What do we do?” Mannie croaked, terrified that she was going to tell him to
move forward through this mass of people.

“Sit tight, Mannie,” she told him. “Yuri,” she said to her gunner, “watch for
those bitches coming along behind them.” Based on their first encounter with
the Kreelans driving the civilians along, she figured there must be a ton of
them behind this mob.

After a few minutes, though, the stream of people started to taper off, with
no sign of the enemy behind them. The civilians on top of her tank, having
decided that she wasn’t going to invite them inside, had hopped off and
followed their fellow scared-shitless citizens down the street.

“Okay, Mannie,” she said, popping the hatch and sticking her head back out
into the smoke-filled air again, “let’s move it.” The firing she’d heard
earlier had tapered off drastically, then suddenly stopped. “And let’s
hurry...”

* * *

Only Sparks, Hadley, and, by some miracle, Steph were still alive. Two
Kreelans had reached around the edge of the window and hauled the operations
major off his feet: wielding his combat knife, he disappeared in a frenzied
mob of tearing claws and slashing swords. Hadley lobbed his last grenade into
the scrum of Kreelan warriors tearing at the fallen officer. The two other
cavalry troopers had been killed by warriors who had managed to get in through
the window, much like the one Steph had killed, and been quicker with their
swords than the other cavalrymen had been with their rifles.

“Out!” Hadley cried: he was completely out of ammunition, even what he had
gathered up from the other fallen soldiers. Steph was out, too: while she had
been shooting non-stop, she had shared her spare magazines with Hadley, and
had since then been crouching on the floor behind the cover of the counter,
feeling like a coward. No longer worrying about the threat from the flying
weapons, which the Kreelans had only used at first, he moved around the
counter, holding his rifle now as the base of his bayonet.

“Out!” Sparks called, throwing down his empty rifle as half a dozen warriors
clambered through the window. He quickly drew the big pistol he carried and
emptied the magazine into them, killing five outright before more warriors
came through, forcing him back.

Without time to reload his pistol and unable to reach his rifle now, Sparks
had only one card left to play. While it was centuries out of date, an
anachronism in this age as he himself was, he drew his saber from the scabbard
at his side after dropping the now-empty pistol on the floor.

While a sword was still used as part of Terran Ground Forces ceremonial dress,
the weapon Sparks held in his hand wasn’t made of the inexpensive low-grade
and brittle metal of the ceremonial weapons: it was a faithful replica of the
last saber ever issued to the United States Cavalry, the Model 1913 that was
designed by a young Army lieutenant by the name of George S. Patton, Jr. Made
with a strong and flexible steel blade, it had cost Sparks a small fortune and
had always been his most prized possession. He had even paid for formal
training on how to use it, both from the back of a horse and dismounted. But
even in his wildest dreams he had never thought he would actually use it in
battle. Yet here he was.

With a confident thrust, Sparks stabbed the nearest Kreelan, who was turned
toward Hadley as he charged from behind the wooden counter. He drove the blade
into her armpit where there was a gap in her armor, the weapon’s tip going
deep into her chest. With a cry of shock, she fell to the floor, dead.

The impact on the other warriors was instantaneous and totally unexpected:
they stopped their attack. Had Steph not been peering over the top of the
counter, no longer content to cower behind it as Hadley had told her to, she
would not have believed it. The half dozen warriors who had already come
through the window stepped back away from the two cavalrymen, their swords
held in what Steph took to be defensive positions. The warriors outside,
having seen Sparks draw his sword, immediately backed away from the window,
clambering past their many dead sisters who were stacked up in front of the
devastated shop.

Hadley, in what otherwise might have been a comical moment, stopped in mid-
charge, his war-cry dying on his lips.

Sparks, after tugging his bloodied sword from the side of the fallen Kreelan,
backed farther away from the aliens, unsure of what was going on. He watched
with disbelieving eyes as the Kreelans inside the shop warily retreated,
moving to join the others who now stood outside in what looked like a wide
circle open to the storefront. A Kreelan warrior, bloodied and injured,
stepped into the center of the circle. In what he recognized as what must be a
universal gesture, she beckoned him forward toward her.

“I’ll be damned,” he breathed.

“What do we do, colonel?” Hadley asked him.

Sparks glanced at him, then said, “We go kill as many as we can before we
die.”

* * *

Shanur-Tikhan stood in the circle of the gathered warriors as the humans
unblocked the door to their small redoubt, apparently a shop of some kind not
unlike those found in the cities of her own people. She was senior among her
gathered sisters, and although she was already grievously injured, she would
not be denied the privilege of matching her sword against the human’s. While
the warriors of Her Children were versed in the ways of weapons of many kinds,
the sword was the ultimate balance of physical form and spirit. That this
human possessed one spoke well of him and his kind, even if he was a soulless
animal whose blood did not sing.

She grunted in appreciation as the human bearing the sword emerged from the
doorway, walking with dignity instead of clambering awkwardly through the
smashed window. Two others, a male and a female, accompanied him. The male,
unarmed, stooped next to a fallen warrior to pick up her sword before coming
forward to join the male who appeared to be the senior of the two. Shanur-
Tikhan and her sisters took no offense at his taking the sword, for it was
unbound from the dead warrior’s spirit. The female human merely stood by and
watched, which Shanur-Tikhan found highly curious.

The two males approached her, the dominant without fear, his subordinate with
some obvious trepidation. The former held his weapon confidently, while the
latter did not. If they meant to fight her two on one, she would accept such a
challenge. Her wounds were serious and would soon kill her if she did not seek
out a healer, but that was inconsequential. All that mattered was the
challenge.

Opening her arms wide, she invited them to make the first move.

* * *

“Hadley,” Sparks asked quietly, “do you have a damn clue what to do with that
thing?”

Gripping the alien sword tightly, Hadley answered, “No sir, I don’t. But if
I’m going to die, I’m not going to die without a weapon in my hands.”

“Well-spoken, son,” Sparks told him. “For what it’s worth, you’ve been a
helluva soldier.”

“Thank you, sir,” Hadley said, his throat tightening up. He had been with
Sparks for two years, and had been given his share of ass-reamings by the
colonel. But the man had never done anything, even dressing down a man or
woman under his command, without the goal of making him or her a better
soldier. And he had always treated his soldiers with respect. “It’s been an
honor, sir.”

Nodding, Sparks said simply, “Shall we, soldier?”

“Garry Owen, sir!”

Together, the two cavalrymen attacked.

* * *

“You saw _what?_ ” Coyle exclaimed, unable to believe what she was hearing.

“You heard me, sarge,” the lieutenant said. “It’s the colonel and another
soldier fighting one of the Kreelans with swords! And that reporter is there,
too. Surrounded by a few hundred hostiles.”

The lieutenant’s infantrymen had been scouting ahead, peering around the
corners to make sure Coyle’s tanks didn’t get ambushed. They’d been heading as
fast as they could in the direction from which they’d heard the firing, but
the “crunchies” - the infantry - couldn’t go nearly as fast as her tanks, and
she dared not leave them behind. The woman on point had come running back to
the lieutenant, telling him what she’d seen. Unable to believe what she’d
said, he had gone forward himself for a look. And now he was relating the same
ridiculous tale to Coyle.

It was so bizarre that it had to be true.

“We’ve gotta do something, sarge,” the lieutenant said earnestly.

And there sat the big, fat and ugly problem: what to do. She had plenty of
firepower to blast the Kreelans to bits, but she wanted to rescue the
survivors of the headquarters company if she could. If she came in, all guns
blazing, there’s no way she could keep them from being killed in the
crossfire.

Calling up a map of the neighborhood, she had an idea. “Okay, el-tee,” she
told him, “here’s what we do...”

* * *

Sparks was gasping for breath, and his right shoulder was burning like fire
from holding and swinging the saber. It wasn’t a heavy weapon, but he wasn’t
used to fighting with it, and his body was exhausted after the frenetic
firefight they had just gone through. But he was nothing if not determined,
and he ignored the pain, willing his wiry body to stay in the fight.

Hadley, beside him, wasn’t in any better shape. While bigger and physically
stronger, he had no training at all with a sword in his hand, and had suffered
a brutal cut to his upper left arm. He could still swing the sword with his
right, but the pain and loss of blood were telling.

Their opponent, Sparks realized, was drawing out the affair. Even gravely
wounded, as she clearly was from the amount of blood seeping from beneath her
armor, he knew that she probably could have killed both of them in the first
few seconds. He merely gave thanks for her sense of fair play, because it just
gave him that many more opportunities to kill her.

Steph watched as the two men battled the Kreelan warrior, furious with herself
that she was unable to help them. She could try picking up a sword and dive
into the melee, but she figured she would last about five seconds. Instead,
she focused on doing her very best to capture the battle. She had forgotten
about the Pulitzer. This was about posterity, assuming any of them actually
survived.

Suddenly, she became aware of something that was totally out of place in this
shattered street, filled with hundreds of alien warriors watching an uneven
battle of survival: music. It was an instrumental of a song she didn’t
immediately recognize that sounded like something someone might hear in an
old-style Irish pub.

But the effect of the music on the two cavalrymen and the aliens alike was
profound: the Kreelans turned to look down the street to see what this strange
noise was, while Sparks and Hadley charged their opponent as if they had been
shot full of adrenaline.

Then Steph saw the first of the tanks belonging to the 7th Cavalry Regiment
round the corner up the street with the regiment’s official tune, the
_Garryowen_ , booming from the lead tank’s external speakers.

* * *

Coyle’s plan was straightforward: she would take the tanks straight in to try
and draw the enemy’s attention, which was something tanks were very good at,
while the young lieutenant took his infantry platoon down the next street as
fast as he could to get in position behind the Kreelans. Her hope was that
most or all of the Kreelans would head toward the tanks, giving the infantry a
chance to grab the colonel and the others, literally behind the enemy’s back.

The tanks made very little noise when they moved, as the electric motors were
practically silent. The only thing one could hear from any more than a few
yards away was the tracks. Even that, with vehicles maintained as well as
those of the 7th Cav, was lost in the background noise of the burning city.
And Coyle wanted to make something of a grand entrance that wasn’t potentially
lethal to the colonel and the others.

So she decided on something a bit unconventional. The colonel loved the damned
_Garryowen_ , the Irish drinking song that was the regiment’s official air,
and every vehicle had a copy of it that could be played at his whim. She knew
that to Sparks, and most of the rest of the regiment, even if many wouldn’t
admit it, _Garryowen_ was a battle hymn that took him back to the era he
wished he had been born in. “And the stupid song gives me goosebumps, too,”
she confessed quietly to herself. She switched on the external public address
system that was standard on all the regiment’s vehicles and cranked up the
volume.

Rounding the corner, she saw that her efforts had met with good effect: the
bulk of the Kreelans were now standing there simply staring at her tank, while
the colonel and the other soldier charged the enemy warrior facing them.

With _Chiquita_ taking up position in the center of the street, the two other
tanks moved up beside her. Taking up virtually the entire width of the street,
the three tanks moved forward to meet the Kreelans.

* * *

Shanur-Tikhan was shocked at the sudden surge of strength and determination in
the humans she fought as soon as the strange noise washed over them. Breaking
contact for a precious moment by shoving them both away, she turned to see
three large vehicles moving toward her warriors. Why their war machines made
such a noise, she could not imagine, but the threat to her warriors was clear.

The challenge, then, was finished.

* * *

Steph looked on in horror as the warrior, wounded though she was, easily
parried a slash from Hadley’s sword and then, with a brutal attack with her
own weapon, opened him up from his left hip to his right shoulder, the sword
cutting right through his armor as if it were made of cloth. With a startled
cry, he crumpled to the ground.

Sparks attacked the Kreelan with a series of savage thrusts with his saber,
but on the last he slightly over-extended himself, and the Kreelan took full
advantage. Knocking his sword aside, sending him off-balance as if he were
sprawling forward, she pirouetted and brought down her sword, stabbing him
through the back. The colonel gasped in agony as the sword’s blade ran him all
the way through, the bloodied tip hissing through the armor of his breast
plate. As he fell to the ground, the warrior yanked the sword from his body
and flicked the blood from it.

* * *

“ _Fucking bitch!_ ” Coyle screamed as she saw the colonel go down. Like the
other Kreelans, the one who had just stabbed him had turned to look at Coyle’s
tanks, and in the magnified view of her combat console it seemed like the
Kreelan was looking right into Coyle’s hate-filled eyes. Coyle hoped she was,
because it was the last thing the warrior would ever see.

Making sure her aiming pipper was on the center of the warrior’s body in the
targeting display, Coyle pulled the trigger on the cupola-mounted gatling gun.
The Kreelan warrior disappeared in a gout of bloody mist as a dozen twenty
millimeter rounds blew her apart.

* * *

Steph ignored the chaos that erupted around her as the warriors charged the
tanks en masse, sprinting across the hundred meters or so of open street to
reach them. The tanks’ gatling guns and coaxial guns fired continuously, and
she heard the _pop-pop-pop_ of the tanks’ close-in defense weapons launching
grenades, then the explosions that followed. And over it all, the horrible war
cries of the Kreelans as they charged and died.

She ignored it all as she crawled over the blood-soaked ground to get to
Hadley and Sparks. She reached Hadley first, and was amazed to see that he was
still alive. Unconscious, but alive. Gingerly prying the severed plate of his
chest armor apart, she saw a great deal of blood and the white gleam of bone
in the deep gash over his rib cage, but the sword hadn’t penetrated his
vitals. If they could keep him from bleeding to death, she was sure he would
live.

Then she low-crawled the few meters to where the colonel lay face-down in the
street, a pool of blood beneath his body. Gently turning him over, she saw
that he was still conscious. She saw his lips moving, but couldn’t hear what
he was trying to say over the din of the tanks firing and the Kreelans
screaming.

Putting her ear to his lips, she heard him say, “Turn me...so I can see...”

Nodding, she pulled him around enough to where he could see the battle, his
head cradled in her lap.

As they watched the carnage together, they were suddenly surrounded by
infantrymen.

“Medic!” a young lieutenant cried as he knelt next to the colonel, who simply
nodded to him, then returned his gaze to the undulating dance of death taking
place farther down the street. A medic was instantly at the colonel’s side,
with two other soldiers tending to Hadley.

There was a sudden _boom_ , then another, and again as the tanks’ last-ditch
close-in defenses triggered: explosive strips with embedded ball bearings that
were attached in segments all around the hull.

Steph saw the Kreelans dying by the dozens as they continued their insane
assault. And more died as the lieutenant ordered his infantrymen to add their
own fire to the mayhem, taking the Kreelans from behind.

It was a massacre.

In the end, the Kreelans refused to yield, they refused to even attempt to
retreat. They were killed to the last one. But the regiment paid a high price:
two of the three tanks were hit with Kreelan grenades, destroying the vehicles
and killing the crews. The only survivor was _Chiquita_ , a large patch of its
left flank blackened from the intense heat.

Driving through the abattoir that was all that was left of the Kreelans,
Coyle’s tank, blackened and smoking, the suspension and most of the lower hull
covered with Kreelan blood and gore, pulled up close to where the medic was
stabilizing Sparks, whose eyes had never left the vehicle that rumbled to a
stop in front of him.

Climbing out of the cupola and gingerly making her way down the gore-spattered
hull to the street, an exhausted Staff Sergeant Patty Coyle saluted her
regimental commander.

“That was good work, trooper,” Sparks said quietly through the haze of
painkillers the medic had pumped into him. He was hurt badly, but the medic
had told him that if they could find a decent hospital or get back to the
fleet, he would fully recover.

Her face dirtied with soot and flecks of blood from a Kreelan who had come
within arm’s length of killing her during the fight, Coyle managed a grim
smile. “Garry fucking Owen, sir.”

That was all the colonel needed to hear.


* Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-One{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE**

  

“Lieutenant,” a voice said. It was vaguely familiar, but muffled and distant,
as if in a dream. The voice itself was pleasant, that of a young woman, but
even voicing that single word, she seemed distraught for some reason.
“Lieutenant, can you hear me?”

Blinking his eyes open, Ichiro Sato saw a pale blur hovering above him that
gradually resolved itself into a face: Natalya Bogdanova. The last few seconds
of what happened on the bridge flashed through his mind, when Morrison had
relieved him of duty and replaced him with Bogdanova as the Kreelan shells
were about to hit.

And hit they had: the last thing Sato could recall was flying across the
bridge as explosions wracked the ship. He remembered very clearly the thought
that your life was supposed to flash before your eyes before you died, and he
had felt cheated that he hadn’t been able to see his own life replayed before
his body smashed into the bulkhead.

Looking up at Bogdanova, he could still hardly see her face: the bridge was
shadowed in darkness, with only a few of the emergency lighting strips
working, throwing a ghastly dim red glow through the smoke that swirled slowly
in the compartment. But what he could see wasn’t good: she had a deep gash
across her left cheek, and her face was smudged with blood and darkened by the
heavy, acrid smoke. Her cheeks were wet with tears, from pain or the emotional
trauma of what the ship must have endured, he couldn’t tell.

“Lieutenant,” she said again, and now he could feel one of her hands cupping
the back of his head, and the faint sense of wetness there. Blood. “Please say
something,” she whispered desperately.

“Bogdanova,” he managed, breaking into a wet cough. His head began to throb.
Aside from that and some heavy bruising, he seemed to be well enough. Making a
few exploratory movements with his hands and feet, he discovered that nothing
was broken.

Hearing her name had an immediate effect on the young ensign. “Thank God,” she
whispered, lowering her head down to his chest, a sobbing cry sticking in her
throat.

“Boarders?” he asked immediately, the nightmare from over a year ago coming
back to him in an instant.

“No,” she reassured him. “No sign of boarders or anyone else. After we were
hit, the fleet moved on toward the planet, and we were just left floating in
high orbit. I think the Kreelans must think we’re dead.”

Levering himself up on his elbows, his eyes stinging from the smoke, he asked
her, “Where is everyone?” He couldn’t see very far in the haze and dim red
lighting, but the bridge should have been bustling with activity, the captain
helping the XO direct damage control efforts to make the ship at least
spaceworthy, if not ready for combat.

“Only four of us made it,” she told him as she helped him sit up. “You, Beale,
Akimov, and myself. Everyone else on the bridge is dead.”

That tore through his headache and chilled his heart. Out of a combat crew of
nearly a dozen men and women on the bridge, all but four had been killed? “The
captain?” he asked. Regardless of how much he hated Morrison, he was
nonetheless a competent ship’s master and would have a good idea of how to get
_McClaren_ underway again. Not hearing his badgering voice was somehow
disheartening.

“Dead,” Ensign Drew Beale spat as he came forward through the smoky shadows
with Seaman First Class Nikolai Akimov to join them. “The fucking bastard.”

“What about the XO and the chief engineer?” Sato asked, his mind rapidly
shedding the remaining cobwebs from his close encounter with the bulkhead.
“And how’s the ship?”

“We don’t know if anyone else made it,” Bogdanova told him. “We have no
communications at all, inside or outside of the ship. The bridge has been
holding air well enough, but I heard some venting up forward after we were
hit. All the controls and consoles are out.” She looked around through the dim
red haze at the panels that should be glowing with buttons and information.
“But we’ve still got artificial gravity, so main engineering must still be at
least partially on-line. We can’t get the hatch open to get to the rest of the
ship, though.”

“We haven’t heard anyone outside in the passageway, sir,” Akimov offered
tentatively. “No one has come to try and find us.”

Sato thought for a moment, then got to his feet with their help. He was still
a bit unsteady, but they had no time to lose. It suddenly occurred to him that
they all should be wearing respirators, if not full vacuum suits. The smoke in
the air would be at least mildly toxic. And if the bridge suddenly did
decompress, the respirators would allow them to breathe, even in a full vacuum
environment, although they would suffer from the bends as nitrogen bubbles
formed in their blood. It was a bad choice between ways to die. “Get your
respirators on,” he ordered. Something else Morrison, and the XO, by following
a bad example, had fallen down on was basic survival and damage control
drills. Sato was surprised that the ship had managed to survive at all.

The others quickly moved to the emergency lockers located at strategic points
around the bridge, pulling out the respirators and putting them on. Bogdanova
handed one to Sato, and after he’d pulled it on handed him a flashlight. Sato
was eerily reminded of the first moments aboard the _Aurora_ after the alien
ship had immobilized them, when the crew had been cast into utter darkness
before the strange blue glow began. He involuntarily shuddered, a chill
running down his spine as the ghosts of his old ship’s crew brushed against
his soul.

Trying hard to ignore the bodies strewn about the bridge, Sato told the other
survivors, “First, we need to get out of here and find out who else is left,
and see what sort of shape the ship is in.”

“But we can’t open the hatch,” Bogdanova said quietly.

“Yes, we can,” Sato told her as he knelt down next to the small access panel,
much like Yao Ming had done on the _Aurora_ after the Kreelans had attacked.
Sato had spent a great deal of time studying the _McClaren’s_ schematics after
he had come aboard, and he had learned the trick that Yao Ming had used on
their old ship. The mechanism was exactly the same, and he did it the same way
Yao had. “I’ll just crack the hatch first, in case the other side has been
depressurized.”

Turning the manual handle, an awkward process at best, the hatch began to
slide open. Aside from a very slight hiss of pressure equalizing, it looked
like the passageway was still holding atmosphere. Sato cranked it open the
rest of the way.

Unlike the bridge, the passageway that led to the rest of the ship was fully
illuminated by the emergency strips. Putting away the flashlight for the
moment, Sato led the others aft and down. His first goal was main damage
control, to see if the XO was still alive. Then on to engineering to find
Lieutenant Commander Pergolesi.

It took nearly half an hour to reach the hatch for main damage control. Along
the way they found over a dozen sailors still alive. After making sure that
they all knew how to open the hatches manually, Sato sent half of them forward
to find any other members of the crew who might still be trapped.

When he cracked open the hatch to damage control, he was instantly rewarded
with a roar of air being sucked out of the passageway into the compartment on
the other side of the hatch.

“It’s been breached!” he shouted as he frantically cranked the hatch shut
again. He knew there would be no survivors: none of the crewmen in the
breached compartment would have had a chance to get into one of the inflatable
emergency balls. And even if they had, they would have run out of air by now.
With a heavy heart, he again led the others aft toward engineering.

Not long afterward, they turned down yet another passageway.

“Halt!”

Sato, leading the others, froze instantly. He couldn’t see anyone else in the
passageway.

“Identify!” the voice barked.

“Lieutenant Sato, tactical officer. You’re a Marine, I take it?”

Suddenly a man dressed in a specially designed armored vacuum suit stepped
into view. The suit was entirely off-white, a perfect match with the ship’s
interior. While he certainly wasn’t invisible, he blended in quite well, and
would have been difficult to spot for anyone who wasn’t paying close attention
or was moving fast.

“Gunnery Sergeant Ruiz, sir,” the man answered through his external speakers
as he lowered his rifle and made his faceplate transparent so Sato could see
him. “Kinda glad to see you, sir,” he allowed as several other Marines
magically appeared behind him. They all looked huge and menacing in their
combat armor.

“The feeling’s mutual, gunny,” Sato said earnestly, “believe me. How many of
your men made it?”

“All of ‘em, sir,” Ruiz answered as if to say, _Of course they’re all still
here_. “I got eight here, including me, and the rest are still at their battle
stations throughout the ship. Tanner almost caught a Kreelan shell, but he and
his team made it okay.”

“You’ve got comms with all of them?” Sato asked, incredulous.

“Yes, sir,” Ruiz told him. “Just voice and vidcom over induction, none of the
data-link stuff. The radio signals are for shit. But we don’t need that to
kick alien ass,” he went on, gesturing with his enormous weapon, a recoilless
rifle that was designed specifically for space combat.

For the first time since this disaster began, Sato managed a smile. The Marine
combat suits not only had radio, which was currently useless, but also had the
ability to send signals through the metal of the ship from induction sensors
in the palms of the armored gauntlets, the soles of their shoes, and even a
pickup sensor that could be attached to the ship with a simple magnetic clip.
In testing during the hasty development of the suits, they had found that
radio was often unreliable in the hull of a ship, so the Marines, ever
inventive, had come up with an alternative. Just in case.

Looking down at the young Navy lieutenant, Gunnery Sergeant Pablo Ruiz
couldn’t help but feel a sense of admiration for him. That was something the
big gunnery sergeant, or “gunny,” as the rank was known, would say about very
few of the Navy officers he’d met in his sixteen years as a Marine.

* * *

Formerly of the United States Marine Corps, or USMC, Ruiz was a plank owner,
among the very first members of the recently formed Terran Marine Corps. The
USMC had been the last amphibious force to be maintained by any of the former
nations under what was now the Terran Planetary Government. Through disuse and
the virtual elimination of war on Earth after the final series of conflicts
that would have destroyed Mankind had it not been for the advent of
interstellar travel, the Marine Corps had been left with no real purpose, and
had been reduced to little more than a curious anachronism, a pale reflection
of bygone years. In truth, it had been retained not for any military function
in the post-Diaspora world, but because so many people who still lived in the
former United States steadfastly refused to let go of it as a tradition.
During one phase of this long twilight of its history, the Corps was even
funded by donations from private citizens.

So the Marines had stubbornly lingered on, an institution with warrior
traditions that had no more wars to fight.

In the aftermath of the _Aurora_ incident, however, President McKenna had
other ideas. Based on the analysis of Sato’s information, it was clear that
the ships of the fleet she was building would need a force of trained soldiers
aboard to defend against Kreelan boarding attempts. Such soldiers should also
be able to take the fight right back to the enemy. They would also have to
become accustomed to serving aboard ships, rather than just being carried by
them. Longer-term plans, assuming the Kreelan threat actually materialized,
even envisioned divisions of troops traveling with the fleet for planetary
assaults.

The Terran Ground Forces commander, General Jaswant Singh, naturally felt that
this was a function of his arm of the service. Admiral Tiernan, Chief of the
Naval Staff, was not so sure. While he and Singh got along well and generally
saw eye to eye, he had a hard time believing that soldiers brought up in the
Ground Forces could quickly be transplanted into this new role.

As it happened, Tiernan’s youngest brother was a colonel in the USMC, and had
been at a briefing where some of the fleet plans were being discussed, the
topic of “fleet infantry” among them. Two weeks later, he had called his older
brother, the admiral, and invited - begged might have been a more accurate, if
somewhat demeaning, term - him to come to Quantico to see a demonstration.
While Tiernan was loathe to do anything that might smack of nepotism, his
brother had made a very convincing argument, and Tiernan had finally given in.

When he arrived at Quantico, he was taken to a large hanger that had once been
used to house USMC aircraft, a facet of their force that they had long since
lost. Inside, he found that the industrious Marines had put together a life-
size mockup of the main sections of one of the candidate destroyer designs,
almost entirely from scrounged materials. Tiernan cautiously followed the
eager Marines inside for a quick tour. Four stories tall and two hundred feet
long, it lacked all the details a real ship would have, but it didn’t need
them. The twisting passageways, stairs, elevators, and hatches were what
mattered, for these formed the “terrain” on which the battle would be fought.
Video cameras had been placed at key locations throughout the ship to monitor
the action during the demonstration battle. After the tour of the mock ship’s
interior, they led Tiernan to the improvised control room inside a ramshackle
trailer that squatted next to the mockup.

Tiernan’s brother explained the demonstration engagement: a platoon of Marines
would simulate the Kreelans as closely as they could, based on Sato’s
information. Inside the mockup, a number of Marines played the role of
“helpless” sailors, while a platoon in armored suits, led by one Gunnery
Sergeant Pablo Ruiz, defended the ship. The suits worn by the defenders were
simple mockups of combat vacuum suits the Marines had designed after several
intense brainstorming sessions. While the mockups were rough around the edges,
Tiernan had to admit to himself that, if made a reality, such suits would be
quite lethal.

The Marines showed him the computer that would keep score, and Tiernan’s
brother swore that it was as accurate and fair as they could make it. In fact,
they had programmed in a level of bias against the defending Marines.

Having been in the military for four decades, Tiernan had seen violence
exercised across a wide spectrum, and did not expect to be surprised by a
group of what he thought of as little more than highly innovative military
enthusiasts. But by the time the simulated attack was over, he had to redefine
his concept of “violence,” at least as it pertained to close-quarters combat.
The defending Marines suffered heavy casualties, but they stopped the
simulated Kreelan attack, which was quite spirited, right in its tracks. More
importantly, they were able to protect the crew and the ship’s vital
compartments, which would have allowed a real ship to stay in the fight with
the rest of the fleet.

The combat armor, which Ruiz had helped design, was a key ingredient in the
success of the first exercise. But even in the second exercise, which
Tiernan’s brother ran with the defending Marines only wearing standard body
armor, the Marines were still able to hold the ship. They suffered far more
casualties, and some of the simulated crewmen were also killed, but the
determined Kreelan attackers were again defeated.

After a review of the two “battles,” Tiernan was ferried out to one of the
handful of ships that the Terran Navy still maintained just for the Marines,
showing him how the Marines were more than just soldiers carried by ships.
They were truly adapted to shipboard life and coexistence with the Navy in a
Corps tradition that literally spanned centuries, back to the time of tall-
masted sailing ships.

The admiral was sold. Selling the idea to the defense minister through the
uproar caused by General Singh wasn’t nearly as easy. In fact, the Marines had
to stage a second demonstration for the minister himself. Over General Singh’s
very strenuous objections, the minister took the idea to the president, who
after a brief pointed discussion with the minister and all the service chiefs,
approved the proposal Tiernan and the Commandant of the Marine Corps had drawn
up. She signed an executive order federalizing the United States Marine Corps
and officially changing its name to the Terran Marine Corps. As its
predecessor had been, the “new” Corps was nominally subordinate to the Navy.

Singh was furious that a “second bloody army” was being formed, but the
president was adamant: the Army and the Aerospace Defense Force would mainly
be responsible for planetary defense and provide follow-on combat forces,
while the Corps would protect the fleet and eventually have responsibility for
planetary assaults.

It had been many years in coming, but the Corps had a real mission again. And
when the Terran ships sailed for Keran, every able-bodied Marine, save a
training cadre at Quantico that was already flooded with volunteers, shipped
out with the fleet.

* * *

Standing here now on the stricken _McClaren_ , Ruiz realized how much they
really owed to Lieutenant Ichiro Sato. He had unknowingly saved the entire
Marine Corps. _Should make him an honorary Marine_ , Ruiz thought to himself.
“Orders, sir?” Ruiz asked.

“Engineering,” Sato said immediately. “We need to sort out how badly the
ship’s damaged. And find Lieutenant Commander Pergolesi.” He paused. “Both the
captain and the XO are dead. Commander Pergolesi is next in line.”

Ruiz’s expression darkened. “I got some bad news for you, sir,” he said, his
low voice dropping even lower. “The chief engineer bought it when the ship got
nailed. Broke her neck.”

Sato closed his eyes, mentally damning their luck. He had been counting on
Pergolesi not only to know how to put the ship back in order, if it was
possible, but to take command. Because of the surviving officers...

“As I reckon it, lieutenant,” Ruiz finished the thought for him, “that leaves
you as the skipper.”

“Right,” Sato managed. For just a moment, he felt a crushing weight on his
shoulders, and in that brief flicker of time, the only thing he wanted to do
was to run and hide somewhere, to cower in a closet like a child. He wasn’t
prepared for this. _But who ever is?_ he asked himself.

He suddenly felt a real weight on his shoulder, and opened his eyes to see the
Marine gunny’s hand there. The older man gave him a brief reassuring squeeze
and said quietly, “We’re with you, sir. What are your orders?”

“Thanks, gunny,” Sato said, and the Marine nodded and stepped back with the
others. “Right,” the _McClaren’s_ new commanding officer said, shoving his
insecurities into a tiny box in his mind and slamming the lid shut. He had a
crew to save and a ship to get back into the fight. “The first thing we have
to do is get to anyone else who’s trapped and free them. Gunny, that’s a job
for your Marines, since they’re already spread around the ship and you have
communications. We’ll show you how to get the hatches open manually, but you
may have a tough time for compartments where the passageways are in vacuum.”

“Naw,” Ruiz said, “every compartment has those beach ball survival things.
We’ll just make sure everybody’s in those, then open the hatch and take them
to the main starboard airlock. The passageways are pressurized all the way
back here.”

Sato nodded. “Good. Next is engineering. Can you patch me through to one of
your Marines there to talk to whoever’s senior?”

“Sure thing,” Ruiz said. After a few seconds of talking to the squad leader in
engineering, Sato heard the sound of Chief Petty Officer Antoinette DeFusco.

“Lieutenant,” she said from the speakers in Ruiz’s suit, “you heard about
Commander Pergolesi, right?”

“Yes, chief,” Sato said. “What about the other officers?”

“They were in the forward engine room with the commander when we were hit,
sir,” the chief answered. Normally a blindingly perky woman, her voice now was
ragged. “A shell punched clean through. Nobody made it.”

“Damn,” Sato whispered. Not only were the deaths of the officers and crew in
the compartment a tragedy, but the forward engine room housed the jump drive.
_McClaren_ wouldn’t be leaving the Keran system without a lot of time in space
dock. And unless the battle had gone well, he doubted that was going to
happen.

“How are the main drives?” he asked, wanting to cross his fingers.

“The mains are up, sir,” she told him. “Everything aft of the forward engine
room seems to be fine.”

“Up forward is a mess,” he told her. “We haven’t been able to do a damage
control survey yet, but I’m guessing about a third of the main compartments on
the port side have been breached, with most of the passageways in vacuum on
that side. Starboard’s not so bad.”

“Let me guess,” DeFusco said, “you’ve got artificial gravity but nothing
else?”

Sato and Ruiz looked at each other with expressions of amazement. “Good guess,
chief,” Sato told her. “How’d you know?”

“Because of that fucking pulse cannon, if you’ll pardon my saying so, sir,”
she explained. “It takes up the central conduit that most of the primary
circuits would normally use in this ship design. But they had to move them
around to make room for that hog. So they decided to put the main buses for
the artificial gravity in the starboard cable runs, and everything else in the
port side. The ship should have had redundant circuits, but they dropped that
to meet the commissioning schedule.”

“Do we still have the pulse cannon?” Sato asked.

“Green as a Christmas tree, sir,” she told him, “at least for one shot. After
that, who knows? The main energy buffers are in forward engineering, too. They
show green, but the way that thing drains them, I don’t know.”

“Okay, chief, listen,” he told her quickly. “That means we’ve got propulsion
and we’ve even got something to shoot with. We’ve got to get the other main
systems, especially life support, navigation, and sensors, back up. Then
communications and the other weapons if we can.”

“We’d love to, sir, if we could just get out of here to get forward!”

Sato looked up at Ruiz.

“Consider it done, sir,” he said gruffly before barking a string of orders to
his Marines.

* * *

Six tension-filled hours later, Sato again stood on the bridge. The bodies of
the crew had been laid out under shrouds in the upper galley, awaiting proper
burial, assuming the survivors were able to stay alive themselves. The
surviving engineers, with the help of the rest of the crew, worked themselves
to exhaustion to patch the ship’s systems back together. Two of them died when
a hatch, weakened by an explosion in an adjacent compartment, gave way. But at
last Chief DeFusco, scraped, bruised, and dirty, rasped that she thought they
were ready to start bringing the main systems back up.

The bridge was still dark and the stench of the smoke persisted, despite the
fans the Marines had hauled up from one of the damage control lockers to try
and clear it. Using one of the hand-held induction communicators that the
Marines had brought up from the armory, Sato said, “Okay, chief, let there be
light.”

The bridge lights suddenly flickered on, then quickly died.

“Wait one,” the chief said after a flurry of curses. A few minutes later, she
came back on. “Hold on to your shorts, lieutenant...”

The dim and gloomy darkness was peeled away as the standard lighting flickered
on, then held. On the bridge, the computer displays at the various control
stations lit up and began their self-diagnostic routines.

A tired but exuberant cheer went up throughout the ship. The _McClaren_ was
alive again.

* * *

Sitting in the captain’s chair was an experience that Sato had only dreamed
of. Even on the rare occasions when Captain Morrison had let him and the other
junior officers con the ship, he had never let anyone sit in “his” chair. Now,
for better or worse, the ship was Sato’s.

Looking around the bridge, it was clear to him that the ship was still
terribly wounded: several of the main consoles remained dark, with no one to
man them. Only half the crew had survived, and it was no small miracle the
ship hadn’t been completely destroyed. Of those control stations that were lit
and active, every single one had crimson warnings and tell-tales glaring, but
there were far fewer than before. Glancing at the navigation display, which
right now was based on passive sensors only, he could see the _McClaren’s_
long ballistic trajectory from where she had been hit, taking her out just
beyond the orbit of Keran’s moons. The ship had drifted perilously close to
the Kreelan force in high orbit, shown on the tactical display as a cloud of
red circles where the passive sensors believed their ships to be, but had been
ignored as another dead hulk. Sato and the others on the bridge had watched as
a much smaller Kreelan force had climbed out of the gravity well of the planet
toward high orbit, even as another group split from the main force to head
down toward Keran.

As for the human fleet, they were just visible on the far side of the planet,
also trying to regain the orbital high ground after what must have been an
uncomfortably close run to low altitude. Unless the sensors were off, there
were far fewer human ships than when _McClaren_ had originally jumped in. It
was difficult to tell from what the passive sensors could make out, as they
were not nearly as sensitive or accurate as the active sensors, but if he was
guessing right, Admiral Tiernan and the Alliance admiral were maneuvering to
engage the Kreelan force that was staying in high orbit. Sato couldn’t be sure
of the number of ships on each side, but he could tell that it was going to be
close enough that even a single destroyer might be able to make a big
difference. He had no intention of letting _McClaren_ miss this fight.

Setting his fears and reservations aside, Sato tightened the straps, the ones
that Captain Morrison had neglected to use, on the captain’s combat chair.
Opening a channel to the crew, he said, “This is Lieutenant...” Then he
stopped himself. He was no longer simply a lieutenant of the Terran Navy. As
fate had decreed, he was now the commander of a warship. “This is the
captain,” he told them. “As you know, while we have been able to repair much
of the critical damage to the ship, we can’t jump into hyperspace and return
to the rendezvous point and the repair ships. And even if we could, I
wouldn’t: our fleet and that of the Alliance have taken heavy losses, and it
looks like Admiral Tiernan,” Sato assumed the admiral was still alive, “is
leading an engagement against the enemy in high orbit. We are going to join in
that attack.” He paused, thinking about his ill-fated ship’s few minutes in
action before they were struck. “The enemy thought they killed our ship and
that we are no longer a threat. I plan to prove them wrong. Remember our
fallen shipmates, and do your best. That is all.”

Switching off the ship-wide channel, he said to Bogdanova, whom he had moved
to the navigator’s position, “Stand by to maneuver.” The ship was still on a
ballistic trajectory, rotating slowly about its long axis.

“Standing by, sir,” she answered. She was still afraid, but wasn’t terrified
as she had been under Morrison’s lashing tongue. Like the others among the
crew, she wanted payback from the enemy. More than that, she trusted Sato.

“Maneuvering thrusters,” Sato ordered. “Bring her straight and level, helm,
zero mark zero.”

“Aye, aye, sir.” Bogdanova touched the controls, at first with unsure fingers,
but she quickly gained confidence as the ship began to respond to her
commands.

For Sato, it was a very tense moment, because they hadn’t been able to test
any of the ship’s systems for fear of drawing the enemy’s attention before
they were ready. But having repaired the primary kinetics - two of the main
batteries were fully functional - along with a pair of medium lasers and the
close-in defense lasers on the starboard side, the ship could at least mount a
credible defense. And with the pulse cannon, if it were properly used, and a
brace of torpedoes, she still packed an offensive punch, too. But the
maneuvering systems and the main drives, despite Chief DeFusco’s belief that
everything was functional, were still an uncertainty in his mind.

“The ship is at zero mark zero, system relative,” Bogdanova reported. She had
stopped the ship’s tumbling, and now had her level relative to Keran’s orbital
plane, pointing toward the system’s star.

“Very good, helm,” Sato said, nodding. “Let’s see if we can’t get back into
the game. All ahead one quarter, course zero four six mark zero zero seven.”
He was hoping that by not using any active sensors and keeping his
acceleration low, the enemy ships might not notice him for a while, allowing
them to get closer. He had not tried to raise the fleet for fear of being
discovered prematurely by their signal emissions.

“All ahead one quarter, aye.” Bogdanova smoothly advanced the analog control
handle, which looked much like a throttle might have in fighter aircraft
centuries before, to the appropriate stop. The actual propulsion control
system and the underlying calculations behind “one quarter” power and the
other standard settings were far more complex than simply moving a handle, but
the simpler interface was more efficient for the human part of the control
loop. After a moment, Bogdanova reported, “Sir, engineering answers all ahead
one quarter, and the ship is now on course zero four six mark zero zero
seven.”

Sato’s tension began to quickly fade as the deep and steady thrum of the
ship’s drives continued without the slightest indication of trouble. He
watched her icon on the tactical display as the _Owen D. McClaren_ once again
sailed into harm’s way.


* Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Two{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO**

  

“We’ve got to withdraw whatever ground troops are left, admiral,” Tiernan told
Admiral Lefevre over the vidcom. “The Kreelans are sending what looks like
another strike force down to the surface. After the mauling our troops took
from the first Kreelan attack, there won’t be much left of them after a
second.”

While the ships of the combined human fleet had suffered only minor damage
from the Kreelan force that had assaulted the planet, both the Terran and
Alliance ground troops had suffered heavy casualties. Citing the inhumanly
accurate fire from the Kreelan ships and the fearless warriors, General Ray’s
last report over his tactical laser uplink had painted a grim picture of the
situation before the fleet had lost communications with both him and the
general commanding the Alliance ground forces. None of the ground forces had
been heard from since, although direct observations from the telescopes and
other sensors aboard the human ships left little doubt that their troops on
the ground were fighting for their lives. And losing.

“I agree, _mon amiral_ ,” Lefevre said. “Recovering your troops must be the
priority, as we do not have enough combat-capable lift capacity to retrieve
our own.” Those words were a heavy burden on Lefevre’s soul, for he had just
condemned tens of thousands of men and women to death if the combined human
fleet failed to win the battle in space.

Tiernan gently contradicted him. “I believe you may be mistaken, sir, based on
the projected losses we’re coming up with. Unless we’re badly mistaken, and I
wouldn’t mind being wrong on this one, the corps we sent in has maybe a
brigade left, if that. And if your units have suffered similar losses, the
available carriers may be enough to lift out the survivors.”

“ _Mon Dieu_ ,” Lefevre whispered. His own operations staff had come to
similar conclusions, but he hadn’t wanted to believe them. He still didn’t.
There had been ten Alliance divisions on the surface. To think that the
survivors of both forces would now fit into six assault carriers was simply
unthinkable. And this after only the first Kreelan assault wave.

“I’ve already dispatched our courier ship to the rendezvous point to bring
back our carriers,” Tiernan told him. The four Terran carriers had jumped out
to a holding position that was far enough away that they were safe from
attack, but close enough in case they needed to be recalled quickly. He just
hoped they would be able to return quickly enough.

“I will do the same,” Lefevre said. “But I am not willing to concede defeat.”

“Nor am I, sir,” Tiernan reassured him. “I believe that the enemy is giving us
an opportunity in disguise,” he went on, eyeing the second assault force,
which was roughly a third of the enemy’s ship strength, as they began to head
toward Keran. The first wave, the one that the human fleet had met head-on in
the upper reaches of Keran’s atmosphere, had almost rejoined the main group in
high orbit. “The timing will be tricky, but if we can engage the second wave
as they come up from Keran, we should have at least a two to one advantage in
firepower. Of course, that assumes that the remaining enemy ships are content
to stay in high orbit.”

Lefevre offered a Gallic shrug. “Something we can never count on, the enemy
doing what we would like. Still, it is an opportunity we cannot reasonably
pass up. My operations officer will coordinate for maneuvering orders, since
we still have no data-link connectivity. Then we will see if we cannot teach
our blue-skinned friends a thing or two about naval combat.”

* * *

Aboard the _Alita_ , Amelia Cartwright waited tensely as the ship’s navigation
computer counted down the remaining seconds to their emergence into normal
space. While she certainly didn’t mind helping the fleet by acting as their
courier, she also was itching to do more than just ferry messages back and
forth. But _Alita_ wasn’t built for combat. In any engagement, the best she
could be was a target, albeit a fast one.

“Transpace sequence in three...two...one,” the computer announced. “Transpace
sequence complete.” Suddenly the swirling nothingness of hyperspace displayed
on the screen before her dissolved into pinpoints of light and the glowing orb
of Keran.

“Shit,” Sid, her copilot, whispered as the sensor display stabilized and began
to paint the situation in the space around the planet, with the large cloud of
blue icons facing off against the red. “The admiral’s going to kick some ass.”

Cartwright nodded, taking a look at the tactical display as she made sure that
the ship had come through the jump in one piece. A Kreelan force had headed
down to the planet, and it was clear that Tiernan was maneuvering to try and
catch the Kreelans on the flip side as they climbed out of the gravity well
after their attack. So far the Kreelans remaining in high orbit were staying
put, but she knew that wouldn’t last if they had any sense at all.

“Five seconds for the carriers,” Sid reminded her as she maneuvered the ship,
taking her well forward of the carriers’ inbound jump point. She had taken
_Alita_ in first to scout the situation and have a warning prepared for the
carriers in case they were jumping into a hot zone. At this point, they were
safe.

“There they are,” Cartwright told him, seeing the four blue icons representing
the Terran carriers materialize right behind _Alita_ on the tactical display.
“ _Guadalcanal_ ,” she called over the vidcom, “it looks like you’re clear for
now. We’ll proceed ahead of you to make sure there aren’t any surprises
waiting for you.”

“Roger that, _Alita_ ,” the lead carrier’s captain said. “We appreciate the
assist. I’ve got to contact Admiral Tiernan. _Guadalcanal_ , out.”

“You sure you want to do this?” Sid asked her quietly, looking at the swarm of
ships ahead of them moving toward a massive clash.

She gave him a determined look. “We can’t just run, Sid,” she told him. “I
know we’re not in the Navy, but we’ve got the fastest ship in the system, and
we’ve got to help if we can.”

Sid only nodded and readjusted his cowboy hat as he squirmed a bit deeper in
his seat.

With a tingle of fear running down her spine, Cartwright throttled up the
engines and led the four assault carriers toward Keran.

* * *

“Dammit!” Tiernan cursed under his breath. “So,” he growled at his flag
communications officer, “you’re telling me that we still have no communication
with anyone on the ground?”

“Correct, sir,” the commander replied, trying not to flinch. “We haven’t been
able to get any voice or vidcom signals from the surface. The only way we
might be able to get through is a direct laser link, but it’s going to have to
be a very low orbit pass, and the ship will only have a few minutes over any
given location before it passes over the horizon and out of range.”

Tiernan wasn’t angry at his officer, just at the damnable situation. Whatever
weapon the Kreelans had used earlier that had knocked out much of the human
fleet’s communications capability had completely befuddled the communications
experts on both the Alliance and the Terran ships. Absolutely nothing that
used the radio frequency spectrum would work. Direct laser communications
still worked for basic voice and vidcom, but not for the data-link systems,
even though there seemed to be nothing wrong with any of the equipment and
software.

Regaining communications with the ground forces was vital in order to get them
to assembly areas where the assault boats from the carriers could retrieve
them: Tiernan couldn’t have the boats wandering across the planet looking for
his people. The carriers had to be able to get in and out quickly, as Tiernan
couldn’t afford to detach even a single destroyer to protect them. Without
radio communications, which could be broadcast to a wide area, the only way to
talk to the troops on the ground would be by sending a ship in low and praying
they could make contact over a laser link, which had an extremely narrow
broadcast area.

“What about that courier ship?” his flag captain suggested. “The _Alita_ ,
isn’t she? She could haul ahead of the carriers, get in low, and try to regain
contact with General Ray.”

“It’s a civilian ship,” the flag operations officer protested. “They’re not
going to do that, and they shouldn’t. They’re not trained or equipped for it.”

Tiernan looked at the tiny icon on the main display that represented a small
ship and its two-person crew. “Do they have laser link capability?”

“All diplomatic courier ships have a basic laser link capability, sir,” the
communications officer said. “It’s not military grade, but it’s powerful
enough. Some of the diplomatic missions they have to serve are in places with
pretty rough environmental conditions, and they need communications that can
get through, no matter what. And the tactical sensor package that was
retrofitted on all the Keran couriers has an improved laser link detection
capability, so if anyone on the ground is calling, they have a better chance
of picking it up. Assuming they’re in the path of the laser.”

That decided it. “Get me _Alita’s_ captain,” Tiernan said.

* * *

“Do you know who that was?” Sid asked, incredulous.

Cartwright threw him a sidelong glance. “Of course I do, Sid,” she said,
exasperated. He’d said the same thing five times in as many minutes after
Admiral Tiernan had given her his “request.” As if she would even think of
saying no.

_Alita_ was now streaking toward Keran under full acceleration, leaving the
fat carriers far behind. Orbital insertion was going to be tricky, not just
because of the courier ship’s speed, but also because the second wave of
Kreelan ships, the ones that Admiral Tiernan was going to pound on, were going
to be a lot closer than she would like. Low orbit space was going to be
awfully crowded for a while.

The admiral’s communications officer had given them coordinates for where the
Terran and Alliance troops had been landed, and Sid had programmed the ship’s
laser link system to broadcast over as wide an area as possible. They had
already started an automated broadcast, just on the off chance that someone
might pick it up before they entered low orbit: they had nothing to lose but a
bit of power. Some might have thought their chances were about as good as
finding a needle in a haystack, with the qualification that they were looking
for the needle through a straw about as big around as a strand of spaghetti.

* * *

Amar-Marakh, the senior shipmistress of the Imperial ships around the human
planet, nodded in approval as the human ships began to deploy against her
second attack wave, even as the surviving ships of the first wave rejoined
her. Her blood burned that she herself was not in the force heading toward the
planet, for the engagement the humans were planning would be fierce and her
heart cried out for battle. But that would yet come. For now, it was up to the
shipmistresses and warriors of the second wave to bring glory to the Empress.

She knew the humans could not pass up an attack against the second wave, and
that Her warships would be greatly outnumbered. She also knew that the animals
would not have things all their own way. While the ships of the second wave
would be dropping many more warriors to engage the surviving humans warriors
on the surface, they would be keeping nearly a third in reserve to send
against the human fleet as they closed to engage. The human ships had proven
very vulnerable to boarding attacks, which perfectly suited the desires of Her
Children.

Her heart beat rapidly as she watched the unfolding battle on her display, the
Bloodsong of her sisters a thundering chorus in her veins.

* * *

Tiernan was proud of his crews as the Terran ships slid into position in the
new formation he had worked out with _Amiral_ Lefevre. Normally, the data-link
systems also provided navigational orders, allowing the ships to closely
coordinate their movements. With that information gone, each ship had to
maneuver independently, and it would have been a challenge under the best of
circumstances to form up over one hundred warships from two different navies,
all under manual control. But his crews and those of the Alliance made it look
like such feats were easy.

After more discussion with Admiral Lefevre, they had decided to put the Terran
ships at the head of the formation as they engaged the Kreelans. The Alliance
ships had already seen an exhausting fight, and some of them were running
dangerously low on munitions. _Ticonderoga_ herself was the point ship of the
third echelon wedge, with a wedge of cruisers ahead, and a flotilla of
destroyers leading the attack. The plan was for the destroyers to fire their
torpedoes to help distract and, if they were lucky, break up the Kreelan
formation, and then have the destroyers peel away to the flanks so that the
heavier guns of the cruisers could hammer the enemy ships into scrap.

As Tiernan watched the red icons of the Kreelan second wave near Keran, he saw
the solitary blue icon of the _Alita_ , which was now sailing ahead of the
Kreelan ships. He nodded in approval: the commander of the tiny ship had both
brains and guts. Had she tried an orbit that brought her head to head or even
flank-on to the Kreelans, they would no doubt destroy her. But sailing ahead
of them, as crazy as it seemed, was also safest: unless the Kreelans showed
some of the hideously advanced technology that Sato had reported, there was no
way they would be able to catch her.

“Come on, Cartwright,” Tiernan breathed. The only chance the ground forces
might have of survival rested with Cartwright and her tiny ship. Otherwise,
the troops on Keran wouldn’t even realize a second attack was on its way, and
the carriers would have come back for nothing.


* Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Three{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE**

  

Coyle was exhausted, but there was no stopping. The 7th Cavalry Regiment,
which had started with just over three thousand men and women, had been
reduced to a short battalion of a few hundred, including the survivors she had
picked up from a few other units. The officers, all of whom had been in or
near vehicles that were using the data-links targeted by the Kreelan ships,
had been decimated: the senior officer, the _only_ combat effective officer,
was Lieutenant Krumholtz, the infantry lieutenant she had picked up early on.
That would have made him the acting commander, but Sparks had made Coyle a
brevet captain once the extent of the disaster for the ground forces had
become clear, and she’d found herself in charge of the clusterfuck they were
in. After that, Sparks had passed out and had remained unconscious. He was
holding on, but only through sheer stubbornness: riding in the back of a
civilian vehicle that had been abandoned and put into service as an ambulance,
he was being tossed around in what had become an increasingly desperate effort
to escape the killing ground of Foshan.

_Chiquita_ , Coyle’s tank, was one of only four in the entire regiment to have
survived the battle to this point. Since the fight to save the colonel, she
had found seven other tanks, but three of them had been destroyed by a small
but determined pack of Kreelan warriors. Her unit’s progress was slow, both
because most of her troops had to move on foot, and because of the successive
waves of civilian refugees that were boiling out of the wreckage of the city,
usually driven along by more Kreelan warriors. Coyle felt compelled to try and
give the civilians as much protection as she could, which further slowed her
down and made her tanks easier targets for the Kreelans and their devilish
grenades.

She would have headed out of the city where her tanks would have a much easier
time keeping the enemy at bay, but she knew they had to link up with any other
survivors of the division, if they could find them.

After a nightmarish drive farther into Foshan, where she found the smoking
wreckage that had been the division command post, she realized that the
division, and the corps as a whole, had effectively been wiped out.

She had picked up a few more troops from some of the division’s other
brigades, but only a handful. She had no doubt that there were other pockets
of survivors. She could hear sporadic bursts of gunfire in other parts of the
city, but she wasn’t going to expend any more effort or lives trying to find
them.

She was going to try and get her people out of the city.

“The corps is well and truly fucked,” she told Lieutenant Krumholtz and the
senior NCOs who had gathered in front of _Chiquita_. Coyle hated to risk
stopping even for a few minutes, which would let the Kreelans who were hunting
her tanks catch up, but she didn’t have any choice. They needed to get a new
game plan together. “We’ve got to turn around and head out of the city.”

“We can’t do that,” Krumholtz argued. If anything, he was more tired than
Coyle was, having had to slog along with his troops through the rubble and
past shell-shocked civilians as the Terran column had slowly made its way
deeper into the city. “If we can find General Ray, he’ll be able to-”

“He’s dead!” Coyle snapped. “Look at this, for Christ’s sake,” she said,
sweeping her arm around them. The entire block where the division command post
vehicles had been hidden had been pulverized, with every single building
reduced to ashes and chunks of brick no bigger than her fist. The hammering
her own platoon had received from the Kreelan ships had been a love tap by
comparison. She knew that it was remotely possible that someone could still be
alive in their vehicle, buried under the rubble. But there was no time to
search. “The corps CP won’t be any different. Face it, el-tee, we’re on our
own.”

The younger officer was about to make a fiery retort when Yuri, her gunner,
shouted from his open hatch in the turret, “Coyle! We’ve got a laser-link from
the fleet!”

“Hot damn,” she said as she jumped up on _Chiquita_ to reach her cupola.
Normally she would have been able to take the call through her helmet’s radio,
but with all radio communications knocked out she had to physically plug in a
cable from the helmet.

“This is Sergeant...scratch that,” she said hastily. “This is Captain Coyle of
the 7th Cavalry Regiment. Go ahead, over.”

“Coyle,” a woman’s voice said quickly, “This is the _Alita_. I only have about
ninety seconds before we lose you. The good news is that carriers are inbound
for extraction of Terran and Alliance troops, but you have to reach one of the
landing zones. The closest one to you will be...” she read off some
coordinates that turned out to be near their original combat positions.
“You’ve got forty minutes until the assault boats land.”

“Forty minutes?” Coyle cried. “There’s no fucking way we can get back there in
forty goddamn minutes!” It had taken over an hour to get this far, wading
through the tide of civilian refugees and fighting off the pursuing Kreelans.

“There are two other zones at-” the woman read off more coordinates as if she
hadn’t heard Coyle’s outburst. Neither of them was even close to Foshan.
“Forty minutes. Pass the word. Be advised that there is also a second wave of
Kreelan ships inbound. Expect them in...”

The signal suddenly broke off.

Yuri was looking at her with disbelieving eyes. Tearing off her helmet, Coyle
looked up at the sky, which was still a witch’s brew of smoke and ash from the
burning city center. “Give us a _fucking break_ , will you?” she yelled at any
god or God who might be listening.

“What happened?” Krumholtz asked, following her gaze to the dirty gray smoke
overhead.

“They’ve recalled the carriers and are bringing down the boats to extract us,”
she told him through gritted teeth, “but we’ve only got forty goddamn minutes
to make it back to the landing zone, which is right fucking where we started
from. And as if that weren’t bad enough, more Kreelans are on the way.” She
slammed her helmet against the cupola in frustration, then stuck it back on
her head. “Have your people ditch everything they don’t need, lieutenant.
They’ve got to be able to move fast. Drop everything: body armor, water, and
anything else they won’t need to survive for the next forty minutes, except
for weapons and ammo. Put out a dozen guys up front who can move fast and be
our eyes and ears so my tanks don’t get bushwhacked. If there are Kreelans
around a corner or sneaking around in buildings, I want to know before they
start lobbing those fucking grenades of theirs.”

“You won’t leave us behind, Coyle, will you?” he asked uncertainly.

She looked at him hard. “You’ve got to keep up, lieutenant.” Then, softening
slightly, she said, “Listen, I’d have some of your guys ride on the tanks, but
we’ve got to keep the turrets and engine decks clear when we run into
Kreelans. Otherwise we’ll either kill your guys with the muzzle blast if we
have to fire the main guns, or get killed waiting for you to clear off. Now
get going. We don’t have a second to waste.”

“Garry Owen,” he replied as he and his platoon sergeant dashed off,
frantically shouting orders at the infantry. Many of them hadn’t started the
battle as infantry, but if you had your vehicle shot out from under you and
you were left on foot with nothing but a rifle, infantry is what you became.

Normally Coyle would have asked the other tank commanders how they were doing
on ammunition and taken some time to redistribute as best they could. She was
down to ten rounds of main gun ammunition, all of them armor piercing rounds
that were totally useless against infantry. Worse, the close-in defense mortar
was out of ammo, and she only had a couple thousand rounds for the coaxial gun
and her gatling gun: enough for maybe twenty seconds of continuous firing. But
there was no time now. None at all.

“Frederickson,” she said to one of the other tank commanders, “you’ll ride
shotgun with me up in the front. Have your tank cover the right side of the
road and I’ll take the left. Hoyt, Gagarin, you guys bring up the rear. We’ll
keep the bulk of the infantry between us, and I’ll have the lieutenant run out
a skirmish line of whoever he’s got who can move fast to scout in front of us.
For God’s sake, don’t run over anybody, but don’t let the infantry guys slow
you down, either. Keep ‘em moving. If we fall behind schedule, we’re gonna
miss the bus, and I don’t need to tell you what that means with more of those
blue-skinned bitches about to fall out of the sky on us. Questions?” There
were none. “Then let’s haul ass.”

* * *

Steph felt like she was in a surreal nightmare as she struggled to keep up
with the tanks. The cavalry troopers had offered to let her ride with Colonel
Sparks and Sergeant Hadley in the civilian van they’d picked up along the way,
but she’d given up her spot for a trooper whose hip had been sliced open by
one of the Kreelan flying weapons. There were others who were wounded, but
they had to do their best to keep up. They realized that there was no
surrender. So they walked, ran, and shuffled as best they could, troopers who
were uninjured helping those who were.

She wasn’t in the military, but she had seen the elephant, as the ancient
saying went, and it had changed her life forever. Her vidcam was still
recording every moment, and she even muttered notes now and again when she
came across some new vision of horror. But she clutched her rifle to her
shoulder, imitating the more experienced infantry soldiers around her, and
watched every window and door on her side of the street. She had even killed a
number of Kreelans that the other soldiers had missed: being a journalist had
given her a lot of experience in noticing small things that others often
didn’t see. The infantry squad that she had arbitrarily become attached to had
at first looked at her as a burden, but after she blew the first Kreelan out
of a window as she rose unseen to throw a grenade, they had shown her more
than a little respect.

But she was tired, so tired from what seemed like an endless battle. She was
tired of trudging through these cursed streets, littered with abandoned cars,
dead civilians, glass and rubble, only to reach a dead end, and then to have
to turn around and run-walk back the way they had come. She was in decent
physical shape, largely thanks to Ichiro’s intense interest in fitness, and
had been able to keep up so far. But she was winded from this agonizing
running shuffle behind Coyle’s armored behemoths, her eyes stinging from the
smoke and grimy sweat, her tongue feeling like it was coated with dust. Her
shoulders burned from holding the rifle, which was like a lead ingot in her
hands, and she was constantly stumbling on rubble or other bits of debris. And
bodies. So many bodies.

But she refused to stop. She would _not_ stop.

* * *

Li’ara-Zhurah paused to catch her breath. Her body trembled, but not from
exhaustion or pain: her heart and muscles fluttered from a sense of pure
exhilaration, the likes of which she had never known. Leading a small group of
warriors, she was hunting some of the massive human vehicles that were
shepherding a group of human warriors through the city. Curiously, the humans
had come some distance into what was left of the metropolis, but then had
turned around and were retracing their steps.

She had been hunting them since shortly after her earlier encounter with a
group of different armored vehicles, the smaller ones with wheels, when Tesh-
Dar had gone her own way. The humans had fought bravely, and after their last
charge a few had even escaped; Li’ara-Zhurah and her warriors could have
hunted them down, but she had let them go so that other warriors might have
the honor. She was yet young and sometimes impetuous, but was already wise
enough to understand the dignity of sharing the honor of the kill with her
sisters.

When that battle was over, Kamal-Utai had gone to rejoin Tesh-Dar on whatever
mission the priestess had set for herself, leaving Li’ara-Zhurah to seek out
new challenges. She had been drawn to the sound of heavy guns firing in the
nearby fringe of the city, and had run toward what was clearly a savage
battle, marked in her blood by the joyful chorus of Her Children as they
fought and died. Other warriors had the same idea, and it had become a
spirited race to see who might first reach the source of the excitement.

Li’ara-Zhurah had been bested by several warriors, but her disappointment at
losing the foot race was brief: incautiously rounding a corner, focusing more
on winning than surviving long enough to take the fight to the enemy, the
warriors disappeared in a bone-shattering deluge of weapons fire from a huge
armored vehicle, much larger than those they had faced earlier.

Pitching herself behind a sturdy brick wall, Li’ara-Zhurah waited until the
vehicle stopped firing. It paused, as if the humans inside it knew she was
there and were waiting for her to show herself. But after a while, with much
shouting and noise, the vehicle and its accompanying human warriors moved on.

Once the humans had turned a corner down the street, Li’ara-Zhurah stepped
carefully out of her hiding place, and stood dead-still as she looked upon a
killing ground the likes of which she had never before seen. Some few hundreds
of warriors, Children of the Empress, lay slain in the street, their bodies
torn as if by a great _genoth_ , a species of monstrous dragon that inhabited
the wastelands of the Homeworld. She and the other warriors who had followed
her walked gingerly through the remains of the slaughter, their sandals awash
in blood. They knelt here and there to honor their sisters, and gave the last
rites to the few who were badly injured and claimed death as their just
reward. For even as the daggers of their sisters pierced still-beating hearts,
those who were given the gift of death could hear the call of the Empress to
their souls, beckoning them onward to kneel alongside the Ancient Ones,
basking in the eternal light of Her love.

Once they had finished the rites, there was no question of what must be done.
Splitting up into hunting packs, they followed the human behemoth and its
attending warriors. Li’ara-Zhurah felt no grief or anger at the carnage the
humans had wrought upon her sisters. She felt instead a suffusing joy and a
burning desire to take the beast, not in revenge, but as a prize. As on the
Homeworld in ancient times, when warriors killed the _genoth_ and won great
glory in Her name, so it would be for the warrior or warriors who defeated
such a beast as the one they now pursued. It was a challenge from which only
the most courageous and ferocious warrior would emerge victorious.

The large group of warriors that had originally dogged the humans had
gradually been whittled down, as those who were too young, inexperienced, or
simply unlucky were culled from the pursuing pack. The effect had been similar
on the humans, Li’ara-Zhurah knew: while several more of the great war
machines had joined the group of humans, some of them were destroyed, and only
the true survivors were left.

While other warriors had earned their honor in destroying some of the
machines, none had yet survived the attacks. More important, the beast she
herself desired, the one that she had first seen, remained alive. Its
commander was cunning and skilled, and her death would be a great victory. The
more difficult the situation, the greater the challenge, and all the greater
the glory in Her eyes and soul. Li’ara-Zhurah’s spirit trembled on the
threshold of a type of ecstasy that no human being had ever known.

The greatest challenge was to get close enough to use one of the grenades,
although she would have much preferred to use her sword. But even the living
metal of her blade was likely not a match for the vehicle’s thick armor. So a
grenade it would be. She only had one, and would not risk throwing it unless
she was sure of her target.

Leading her group of half a dozen warriors down a parallel street, she darted
into a building ahead of where the humans were. They were moving faster now,
as if they had to get somewhere at a particular time, and Li’ara-Zhurah was
growing concerned that her opportunity may not come. She was unafraid of
death, but she did not want to sacrifice her body without bringing glory to
Her name. For Li’ara-Zhurah, more even than her spiritual sisters, this was
paramount, for she was born from Her very womb, a blood daughter of the
Empress. She had never met her mother in the flesh since the day she had been
born, but she did not need to: she knew the Empress in her heart, in the
Bloodsong that filled her spirit.

She had just crept up to a shattered windowsill that allowed her to peer down
the street unobserved when another group of warriors began their attack.

* * *

Coyle’s ad-hoc task force had just entered a narrower street, trying to get
around a glut of refugees that blocked their original path, when all hell
broke loose.

“ _Grenade!_ ” someone screamed as a glowing cyan ball arced through the air
from an upstairs window of a building. It landed squarely in the middle of the
__ engine deck of Coyle’s tank and instantly began to glow white hot.

Before it could explode into a shower of blue lightning, one of the infantry
troopers following behind the tank threw down his weapon and climbed up onto
the vehicle. Grabbing the grenade, the soldier screamed in agony as it seared
his hands, but he somehow managed to pry it off before leaping from the back
of the tank. The weapon detonated while he was still in mid-air, incinerating
his body in a wild cascade of lightning that scorched everyone and everything
in a three meter radius. _Chiquita’s_ rear armor was blackened and even melted
in a few spots, but the tank still survived.

As the soldier’s charred body slammed into the ground, several dozen Kreelan
warriors surged out of the buildings along the right hand side of the street,
tearing into the mass of weary infantry.

While Coyle’s soldiers were taken by surprise, they had been through this
before and reacted instantly, blasting away at their enemies at point blank
range as the Kreelans hurled their lethal throwing weapons and slashed and
stabbed with their swords.

Steph was just taking aim at a warrior when she was viciously knocked to the
ground. She struggled to turn over, but couldn’t: a foot was planted in the
middle of her back, pinning her to the ground on top of her rifle. She could
turn her head just far enough to see the Kreelan, the blade of her sword
glinting in the smoky light as she swung it down to take Steph’s head from her
neck.

The blade never touched her. The Kreelan’s chest disappeared in a spray of
crimson as three rounds from _Chiquita’s_ gatling gun blew her to pieces. With
a passionate curse, Steph struggled to her feet through the muck that fell on
top of her, all that remained of her would-be killer. She moved to the rear of
Coyle’s tank, trying to offer it some protection from another grenade attack
while the nearby infantrymen grappled with the alien warriors and the gatling
guns on the tanks growled.

Without warning one of the tanks in the rear was suddenly lit by a corona of
lightning after it was hit by a Kreelan grenade. The crew never had a chance
to get out. The vehicle exploded, knocking everyone, human and Kreelan alike,
to the ground. The turret flipped up into the air like a toy before crashing
down on top of a still-wrestling mob of humans and Kreelans.

Steph could see that the other tank to the rear was also in trouble: it had
stopped in the street, just ahead of the one that now lay burning. The hatches
suddenly flew open and the crewmen scrambled to escape. All three were cut
down by a flurry of Kreelan flying weapons.

“ _Keep moving, goddammit!_ ” Steph heard Coyle screaming above the raging
chaos. Indeed, _Chiquita_ hadn’t stopped or even slowed down, and Steph
suddenly turned and ran to catch up, shouting at her surviving squad mates to
do the same.

* * *

The gatling gun mounted to the top of the turret had never been designed as a
sniper weapon, but Coyle was doing the best she could. The Kreelans had become
so closely enmeshed with her own people that she couldn’t open fire without
shooting her own troopers. She killed the Kreelan who was about to lop the
head off the reporter woman, and managed to get a few more, but her tank’s
power had effectively been neutralized: she couldn’t use her more powerful
weapons without taking out half of what was left of her scraped-up battalion.

As if the enemy weren’t bad enough, the clock was still ticking. Coyle could
almost hear it in her brain, counting down the minutes until they would be
marooned on this world. They couldn’t afford to get bogged down. Missing their
extraction would kill them as surely as a blade to the heart.

“ _Keep moving, goddammit!_ ” she screamed at the troops behind her. “Mannie,”
she told the driver, “don’t fucking stop for anything. Keep us moving or we’re
dead.”

“Roger,” he said shakily. “Garry Owen,” he whispered, as if to himself. Coyle
thought he was losing it. And she knew she wasn’t far behind him.

_Chiquita_ was leaving most of the troops behind: they were too fixated on
trying to keep from being killed by the Kreelans among them to worry about
dying if they missed the boats.

Coyle turned on the loudspeakers for her tank again, her voice booming out,
“Break contact! Break contact!”

Her order was rewarded by a surge of soldiers trying to break away from the
close quarters fight. The ones on the fringes of the mayhem were able to turn
and run after Coyle’s tank. But for many, there was simply no getting away
from the Kreelans without killing them first. Most of the infantry soldiers
were running desperately low on ammunition at this point, or were completely
out, and the Kreelans had a decided advantage in any close-in combat: their
swords were infinitely better than the bayonets and knives wielded by their
human opponents, and their claws were as lethal as any edged weapon.

Out of the corner of her eye, Coyle saw another, smaller group of Kreelans
break out of the cover of one of the buildings, just behind Frederickson’s
tank, which was driving alongside her. She twisted her gun around as
Frederickson was, but the warriors were too close: she couldn’t depress the
barrels enough to shoot at them. “Shoot them!” she screamed, pointing, hoping
that some of the infantry would take them down.

Instead, she heard a rapid popping sound as Frederickson panicked, ripple
firing the last half dozen rounds from his tank’s close-in defense mortar as a
Kreelan ran up and slapped a glowing grenade on the lower side of his tank,
behind the track.

“No you stupid fuck!” Coyle cried as she watched the small grenades arc away
from Frederickson’s tank. She could tell from the dispersal pattern that he
must have tried to target not only the ones now hunting his tank, but the
others in the street, as well. That would have been just dandy, Coyle thought
bitterly, except that most of their own people were in the blast zone.

“Get down!” she shouted over the loudspeakers as she dropped down into the
turret and slammed the hatch. “ _Incoming!_ ”

* * *

Steph was firing her rifle steadily, killing any warriors who stood far enough
away from the humans around them for her to feel confident in taking a shot.

Then she heard a strange popping sound. She knew all the weapons the tanks
carried from interviewing some of the cavalry soldiers before they landed on
Keran, and she had heard the tanks use this one already. It just took a moment
to register what weapon it was. _The self-defense mortars_ , she thought. It
took one more second to realize that they were close-in weapons, and that she
was probably in the blast radius and completely in the open.

She heard Coyle shouting something over her tank’s speakers, but Steph
couldn’t hear and didn’t care. She slapped the nearest soldiers on the
shoulder to get their attention before sprinting up the narrow chasm between
the left side of Coyle’s tank and the nearest building, putting the tank’s
bulk between her and the mortar rounds. She tumbled to the ground as the
rounds exploded at waist height behind her.

As she was trying to get back up, the tank next to Coyle’s exploded.

* * *

The explosion of Frederickson’s tank slammed Coyle’s head against the inside
hatch coaming. Had she not been wearing a helmet, her skull would have been
fractured. As it was, she got off with little more than temporary deafness
from the blast and a massive headache.

_Chiquita’s_ systems didn’t even flicker, but that was no consolation to the
tank’s commander. Coyle bit back her tears and the surge of bile that rose to
her throat as she saw the carnage in the street. Frederickson’s grenades would
have been bad enough, detonating in the midst of the melee to kill Kreelans
and humans alike. But the explosion of his tank was worse: the Kreelan who
planted the grenade had the uncanny luck to have stuck it right over one of
the fuel cells. The resulting explosion blew out the right rear of the vehicle
in a spectacular fireball that killed most of those who managed to survive the
grenades.

Coyle was glad Frederickson was dead. Had the Kreelan grenade not cooked him
inside his tank, she would have killed him herself. But the heart of Coyle’s
cold, bitter rage was the knowledge that she would now have to leave so many
behind: not just the dead, but the wounded and those simply too exhausted to
keep up. She simply couldn’t protect them, and if they continued at a
shuffling pace, they were all going to die.

Her driver had kept the tank moving at a pace that would just barely get them
to the extraction zone on time, assuming they didn’t hit any major obstacles.
But the time for that was over.

As _Chiquita_ turned the corner about fifty meters down the street, she said,
“Stop the tank, Mannie.” She popped the hatch and wearily stood up to face the
pitifully few soldiers who had managed to survive and stay with her.
Ironically, the civilian van that was packed with wounded, including Colonel
Sparks and Sergeant Hadley, was still with her. The Kreelans were completely
ignoring it, as if it weren’t worthy of being attacked, and it had been just
far enough away to avoid major damage from Frederickson’s tank when it blew.

Coyle could still hear screaming from behind them, whether just the agony of
the wounded, or from terror of more Kreelans, she didn’t know. She didn’t want
to know.

“Get on,” she croaked through the loudspeakers to the exhausted infantry
catching their breath in the tank’s shadow.

For a moment, none of them moved. She was about to repeat herself when the
female newshound awkwardly slung her rifle and clambered up the left side and
onto the top deck of the hull. Turning around, she gestured to the other
soldiers around her to climb on, and did her best to help them up. In a minute
or two, the survivors of the 7th Cavalry Regiment had crammed themselves on
top of Coyle’s tank, holding on to any handy protrusion on the hull and
turret, hanging on to each other.

“Whatever you do,” Coyle shouted at them, “don’t let go. If you fall off,
we’re not stopping for you.” She caught the eye of the reporter, leaning
against the turret near Coyle’s cupola. The woman nodded, one hand holding
onto the turret basket that contained all of the crew’s gear and spare parts.
Her other hand clutched her rifle.

“Yuri,” she said through her helmet intercom to the gunner as she slewed her
gatling gun to point behind the tank, just over the heads of the infantry
crouching on the engine deck, “watch our front. I’ll keep an eye on the rear.”
Then, to the driver, she said, “Go, Mannie. Go as fast as you can. And don’t
stop for shit.”

“We’re just going to leave them?” he said, his voice colored as much with
relief as with guilt.

“Do you want to go back there, Mannie?” she whispered into the microphone,
hoping the infantry clustered around her wouldn’t hear.

But of course, they did. Heads turned away, faces clouded with shame. More
than a few cheeks were streaked with tears. They were leaving behind friends
and comrades, in some cases lovers. But none of them, not one, wanted to go
back. They heard what Coyle said, but pretended not to.

Without another word, Mannie started _Chiquita_ moving, the quiet whine of the
powerful motors lost in the squeaking and clanking of the battered tracks as
the heavy vehicle picked up speed.

The last thing Coyle heard, as plain as if he were standing right beside her,
was the voice of Lieutenant Krumholtz, who had been hit in the leg and hadn’t
been able to keep up. He was among those who were now being left behind.

“Goddamn, you, Coyle!” she heard him scream. “ _God damn you!_ ”


* Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Four{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR**

  

Tiernan’s attention was fixed on the tactical display. For once, the combined
human fleet had a clear tactical advantage, and he and Lefevre were determined
to make the most of it. They outnumbered the Kreelan force by roughly two to
one in ships and tonnage both, and the admirals planned to force a decisive
engagement before the remaining Kreelan ships in high orbit could maneuver to
interfere. So far those enemy ships had been content to stay where they were,
but Tiernan knew that couldn’t last forever.

The disposition of the two fleets also clearly favored the humans: instead of
the head-on stone throwing contest they had against the first Kreelan assault
force, the human fleet would first pass across the head of the second Kreelan
formation as it clawed its way up from low orbit, “crossing the T” in old wet
navy terms. The human ships would be able to bring all of their main batteries
to bear, while the Kreelans would only be able to target the humans with their
forward-facing weapons. After that, the plan was to reverse course behind the
Kreelans and take them the same way from behind, raking the vulnerable sterns
of the enemy ships. Neither admiral expected the plan to go off as planned, as
reality always intervened, but it was a good place to start.

“All ships reporting assigned target lock,” the flag communications officer
reported.

On the display, the range rings of the _Ticonderoga’s_ guns converged on her
assigned target as the wedges of human ships swept across the front of the
Kreelan formation.

“All ships,” Tiernan ordered, “fire as you bear!” Without the data-link and
the networked targeting computers to optimize the fleet’s firing solutions,
Tiernan had to count on each ship firing when it came in optimal range as the
formations passed by one another.

At the head of the formation, the destroyers loosed a volley of torpedoes, the
missiles streaking toward the Kreelan formation, twisting and jinking madly to
avoid anti-missile fire. Not waiting to see if any of them hit, the destroyers
hauled to the side to get out of the way of the larger cruisers as they began
to open fire.

“Incoming,” the flag tactical officer announced, warning of rounds from
Kreelan guns heading toward them. Then _Ticonderoga’s_ primary kinetic weapons
thundered, sending several dozen projectiles in a closely-spaced pattern at
her assigned target, one of the leading Kreelan cruisers. “Ships maneuvering,”
he added as the individual human ships adjusted their courses to try and avoid
the Kreelan weapons fire. It was a difficult balance: the human ships needed
to try and avoid the incoming enemy salvoes, but still had to stay in
formation to maximize the volume of fire they could bring to bear on the
Kreelan ships.

Tiernan gave a death’s head grin as the tactical display showed the imbalance
of fire between the two fleets: for every Kreelan round fired, at least three
rounds were going back at them from his and Lefevre’s ships.

Kreelan ships suddenly began to dart and weave, but the weight of fire from
the human fleet was too great: even if a Kreelan ship dodged the rounds
targeted against it, it almost inevitably ran into another stream of
projectiles fired at another target. The first echelon of cruisers in the
enemy formation suddenly disintegrated, with half of the warships destroyed
outright and the other half either damaged or maneuvering so wildly that they
were unable to effectively return fire. A number of other enemy ships also
suffered damage, which slowed them down and forced them to change course to
avoid the withering fire pouring from the human fleet.

A cheer went up through the _Ticonderoga_ from everyone who could see one of
the tactical displays, and Tiernan felt a tingle run up his spine and
gooseflesh pop up on his arms. _Eat that, damn you_ , he thought savagely.

“Continue firing!” he ordered as _Ticonderoga_ shuddered from a single hit.
Alarms went off on the ship’s bridge, but they were quickly silenced.

“Enemy is changing course,” the tactical officer warned. The enemy formation
had swung to the left and accelerated slightly, trying to close the range with
the human fleet and at the same time unmask their aft batteries so they could
bring more of their weapons into play against the human ships.

This was the part that Tiernan had been dreading. Without networked tactical
control of the ships and the inability to broadcast orders to the entire fleet
at once (as opposed to direct laser-links to individual ships), any large-
scale maneuvering was impossible without the formation falling apart. If they
tried to maneuver and keep the Kreelans at a distance, he knew they could
pound them to hell and back. But only if the fleet maintained its integrity.
If it lost that, if the individual flotillas that formed the wedges of the
formation fell out to be left on their own, they could be destroyed.

“Admiral Lefevre,” he said, “I recommend we hold course until the designated
maneuver point. If we maintain integrity, we maintain our advantage in weight
of fire, even if the enemy closes with us.”

“If they get close enough,” Lefevre warned, “they will try to attack with
boarders.”

“Let them try,” Tiernan said.

* * *

Waiting in high orbit with the rest of the Kreelan fleet, Amar-Marakh watched
as the second assault wave was savaged by the humans. She bowed her head in
acknowledgement of the humans’ ferocity and basic skills in naval combat. Had
this been a true fight for the Empire’s survival, she would never have
committed ships, even as primitive ones as these, to battle this way. But this
was not a life or death duel for the Empire. It was a great Challenge, a
contest of wills and warrior spirit that Amar-Marakh knew would last for
generations. Even being here, at this first great battle, was an honor that
would be marked forever in the Books of Time.

The senior shipmistress of the second wave had been killed in the first volley
fired by the human fleet, along with many of her sisters. Most of the ships
would likely not survive, but enough would come within range to send forth
their warriors to wreak havoc on the human ships in the preferred way. They
had dropped most of their warriors on the planet’s surface near the surviving
human warriors, but still had several thousand in reserve.

She turned her attention to a curiosity that she had noticed a short time
before: six large human ships that were far from the main human fleet and
sailing directly toward the planet. She could not be sure at this range, but
she suspected they were transports sent to retrieve the remaining human
warriors on the surface.

Closing her eyes to help her concentrate, she listened more intently to the
Bloodsong coursing through her, striving to hear the individual threads of
some of those who fought on the surface, particularly that of Tesh-Dar. The
great priestess’s song was no challenge to find, and Amar-Marakh focused on
the melody of fire and blood, seeking to divine her will.

After a moment, she opened her eyes, withdrawing her attention from the raging
torrent of emotions that welled up from the warriors on the surface of the
planet, mingling with the tidal wave of pain and ecstasy of the second wave
now being mauled by the human ships.

The will of the Desh-Ka priestess was clear: the human warriors should not be
allowed to leave.

With a few words to her equivalent of a flag tactical officer, Amar-Marakh
sent four swift warships, about the size of human destroyers, in pursuit of
the ungainly transports.

* * *

“Skipper,” Ensign Bogdanova said, motioning toward the tactical display on the
_McClaren’s_ bridge, “those ships...”

“I see them,” Sato said, noting her use of the term “skipper.” No one had ever
used the term with Morrison, because he had never earned the crew’s respect,
only their fear and loathing. It was a small thing on the surface, only a
single word, but it warmed Sato and helped him find the confidence to get
beyond his insecurities as the ship’s captain-by-default. There was so much he
didn’t know, so much that could get them killed. But he didn’t have a choice.
None of them did.

On the display, they watched as four Kreelan ships broke off and headed on
what looked like an intercept course for six ships, presumably human, that had
jumped in a short while before in two groups, and were now heading toward
Keran. It was impossible to tell what they were from the passive sensors, but
the emissions signatures from their engines indicated that the ships must be
big. The devil of it was that _McClaren_ was probably the only ship that could
intervene: the raging battle now underway between the human fleet and the
second Kreelan assault group had moved on toward the other side of, and
farther away from, the planet. It would be a long stretch for any of Admiral
Tiernan’s ships to reach the six ships - carriers, he guessed - in time to
help them.

As for the situation with his own vessel, _McClaren_ had managed to sail past
the Kreelan formation in high orbit unscathed. While the Kreelans hadn’t been
maneuvering, their natural movement along the orbital plane had carried them
farther away as _McClaren_ crept behind them. He had no idea if they simply
hadn’t noticed, or if they decided that a lone destroyer wasn’t worth worrying
about. If the latter, he hoped to prove them wrong.

“Helm,” he said to Bogdanova, “plot an intercept course at your best speed to
bring us up behind those four Kreelan ships. Communications,” he said to Petty
Officer Third Class Stephen Jaworski, a repair technician who was manning the
communications console, “see if you can get a laser-link to one of the
newcomers. Let’s see who they are.”

“I’ve been trying, sir,” he said uncertainly, “but it’s hard to get a
directional lock for the laser at this range using just the passive sensors.”
He continued to peer at his instruments, and after several more moments
exclaimed, “Got it! The signature on the laser says it’s _Guadalcanal_ , sir.
Hard link established. But only voice right now. The link’s really weak.”

“ _Guadalcanal_ ,” Sato said immediately, “this is the destroyer _McClaren_.
You’ve got four Kreelan ships headed your way. We are in pursuit.”

“ _McClaren_ ,” a voice responded, badly distorted, “understood. We see them.”

“Do you have an update on the situation?” Sato asked. “We’ve been out of
communications for quite a while.”

“The fleet is engaged with a smaller Kreelan force now. But the ground troops
have taken extremely heavy casualties. We’ve been ordered to extract the
survivors, but it’s going to be hellishly tight. The boats are already away to
the extraction zones. We’ve got a single orbit to pick them up, then we’ve got
orders to pull out.”

The news struck Sato in the gut. _Steph_ , he thought. “Do you have any
details on the ground forces?” he asked, not sure he wanted to hear the
answer.

“ _Ticonderoga_ reported that they lost contact with General Ray soon after
the first assault wave hit the planet,” _Guadalcanal’s_ captain replied. “A
diplomatic courier was able to make contact with a number of units on the
ground, but nothing higher than company level. They think they can lift out
the survivors, ours and the Alliance troops, with our carriers and the two
that the French have. Assuming those Kreelan ships don’t get us first.”

Sato exchanged looks with the others around the bridge. If what _Guadalcanal_
said was true, they had collectively lost the equivalent of nine out of twelve
divisions, maybe more.

“They won’t,” Sato promised. “Bring them home. We’ll cover you.”

“Roger, _McClaren_. Good hunting. _Guadalcanal_ , out.”

In the tactical display, _McClaren_ was cutting across space toward the four
red circles representing the enemy ships pursuing the carriers, but he began
to doubt they’d be able to engage them in time. They needed to close the range
faster, and get the enemy’s attention, maybe drawing one or more of them off
the pursuit. The carriers had defensive weapons roughly equivalent to a
destroyer, but were far larger and less maneuverable. The two French carriers
were forming up with _Guadalcanal_ and her sisters. They might be able to
defend themselves from two, maybe three of the Kreelan ships, but not all
four. “Bogdanova,” he said, “all ahead flank. Bring our sensors to active
status. Let’s let the enemy know we’re here.”

* * *

Just like the warriors on the ground, the Kreelan ships refused to yield.
Outnumbered, outgunned, and facing an opponent who held all the cards, Tiernan
thought, they still came on.

Half a dozen ships in the human fleet had been destroyed thus far, and another
two dozen damaged. It was a heavy price to pay, but Tiernan believed they had
gotten a good deal on the butcher’s bill: fully half of the Kreelan ships had
been destroyed, and all the rest had been damaged.

But the human fleet wasn’t out of the woods yet: the Kreelan ships were
sailing straight into the human fleet’s formation, with ranges so close now
that his cruisers could no longer fire their primary kinetic weapons without
fear of damage to themselves when the rounds hit the enemy ships. And some of
his ships had to maneuver out of the way of Kreelans that were clearly trying
to ram.

The Kreelan ships didn’t seem to care: they continued to fire their kinetics
with total abandon, and both sides slashed at each other with heavy lasers.
The beams of coherent light vaporized armor and hull plating, venting the crew
spaces beyond to vacuum, or seared off sensor arrays or engine mounts,
sometimes sending a ship into an uncontrolled tumble.

“Sir!” the flag tactical officer called. “Multiple new contacts, hundreds,
across the sector. Designating as probable boarding parties.”

“All ships,” Tiernan ordered, “prepare to repel boarders!”

On the vidcom display, Admiral Lefevre aboard the _Jean Bart_ pressed his lips
into a thin line. Outside of the view of the camera, his hands clenched so
tightly the knuckles bled white.

Tiernan had hoped that his own ships would bear the brunt of any boarding
attacks, but the reality of the battle had determined otherwise. The cloud of
targets, which had by now grown to several thousand tiny icons on the tactical
display, blowing through his formation like dandelion seeds, was dispersed
along the port side of the fleet. Many of the Alliance ships would again be on
the receiving end of boarding attacks, although they had new weapons on board
that would help even the odds: Terran Marines.

“Have the First Destroyer Flotilla redeploy here,” he told the flag tactical
officer, drawing a line on the tactical display along the flank of the
Alliance warships that were in the heaviest part of the cloud of targets, “to
give the Alliance ships some close-in protection.”

Nodding, the tactical officer relayed the order to the communications officer,
who ensured that the orders got to the commander of the destroyer flotilla.

Less than thirty seconds later, six Terran Fleet destroyers wove quickly
through the formation to take up station between the Alliance cruisers and the
rapidly approaching cloud of attackers.

“Engage,” Tiernan ordered quietly.

Every Terran ship had been fitted with a set of weapons that were not
dissimilar from the close-in defense weapons fitted to the Wolfhound tanks.
They were large-bore mortars with a short barrel that could be aimed like most
other shipboard weapons, and fired an explosive shell filled with thousands of
needle-like flechettes. The mortars had a short range, but they were simple,
reliable, and devastating against space suits, armored or not.

“Firing mortars,” the tactical officer reported.

Seconds later, the crews of the Terran fleet began to hear a very distinct
_crump_ echo through the hulls of their ships as the mortars began to fire at
the incoming clouds of Kreelan warriors.

* * *

Amar-Marakh, the senior shipmistress of the Kreelan fleet, gasped at the
sudden turmoil in the Bloodsong as hundreds of warriors were wiped away,
almost in an instant. The anticipation in the thread of the melodies sung by
the warriors trying to board the human ships changed to shock and then fierce
rage.

A challenge, even a great one, the pursuit of which would almost certainly
lead to death, was to be sought to bring glory to the Empress. But to have the
warriors slaughtered in such a fashion as this was not a challenge; it was a
waste of precious blood. That, she could not tolerate.

“Deploy the fleet,” she ordered tersely to her First. “We attack.”

* * *

“Admiral,” the tactical officer warned, “the Kreelan force in high orbit is
moving.”

Tiernan glanced up at the display, seeing the red icons of the other Kreelan
ships heading on a course that would no doubt lead them into the fray.
“Dammit,” he cursed.

“It was inevitable, _amiral_ ,” Lefevre told him from the vidcom. “We will
only have a few minutes until we must break contact with our current opponents
to try and regroup.”

“ _If_ we can break contact, sir,” Tiernan said as _Ticonderoga_ rocked from
another hit. “I think we’re going to have to kill every last ship in this
formation. They’re not going to break contact, and we can’t put our sterns to
them and let them shoot us in the fantail.”

“Then let us destroy them with all haste,” Lefevre told him. “Engage with
kinetics, danger close, _amiral_.”

“Aye, aye, sir,” Tiernan replied. Then, turning to his flag officer, “Pass the
word: all ships are to engage with everything they have, including primary
kinetics. Danger close. We _must_ finish off these enemy ships!”

Less than one minute after Lefevre had given the order, every gun in the human
fleet opened up on the two dozen remaining Kreelan warships. Four human ships
died when their targets, only a few hundred meters away, exploded, taking the
human ships with them.

But ten minutes after the order had been given, ten minutes that seemed like
an eternal orgy of heavy weapons fire to the crews, every Kreelan ship of the
second assault wave had been reduced to a blasted hulk.

The human fleet swept onward, mortar rounds continuing to blast the warriors
who still were desperately trying to board the fleeing ships. But the efforts
of the Kreelans were in vain: not a single warrior made it through the
devastating fire from the defense mortars.

The Marines aboard the ships, who had been anticipating their first chance to
prove themselves, were terribly disappointed.


* Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Five{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE**

  

Pursuing the huge metal _genoth_ , the human vehicle that was in her mind akin
to one of the great dragons that prowled the wastelands of the Homeworld,
Li’ara-Zhurah had never run as quickly in her life. She was on the ragged edge
of exhaustion, as were the four warriors who had accompanied her on this great
hunt. But she ignored the leaden pain in her legs and the burning in her
lungs, the frantic beating of her heart. That beast was her prize, and she
would not be denied it.

After the earlier attack by a different group of warriors that she had
watched, with dozens of them wading into the human warriors and their armored
escorts, only the single vehicle, the one she wanted so badly, had escaped,
its hull crowded with the human warriors who had managed to survive the
devastating battle.

But then the machine had fled at great speed, the massive tracks bearing it
over the mounds of rubble, small passenger vehicles, and bodies alike. It
slowed down only when it was forced to make a turn, and the only time it
turned was when a street ended or was choked with unarmed humans that were
still streaming out of the devastated city.

Wishing that she had powers beyond imagining as did the great priestess, Tesh-
Dar, or even a simple vehicle, Li’ara-Zhurah did the best she could with the
natural powers of the body the Empress had given her by birth: she ran. She
gave up trying to run a parallel course to the vehicle for fear of losing it
should it make a turn along the way. Instead, she simply ran at what she
considered a safe distance behind it, “safe” being a relative term. Several
times the human warrior whose head poked out of the turret had fired at her
with the devastating weapon mounted on top of the vehicle. Some of the humans
riding along had also fired at her. But the vehicle was moving so quickly over
so much debris that their aim was poor.

A few of the humans on top of the vehicle had fallen off in the course of the
pursuit, but the vehicle did not slow down. Li’ara-Zhurah had not expected it
to, for Her Children would not have done so in battle. She simply ignored the
abandoned humans, leaving the other warriors to tend to them with their
blades.

Li’ara-Zhurah shut out the complaints of her body by focusing on the vision of
thrusting her blade through the heart of the human female who commanded the
vehicle.

* * *

Coyle kept a wary eye on the small group of Kreelans who were hunting her
tank. Her gut churned at their single-minded intensity, particularly that of
the leader. She had tried to blast them to bits, of course, but after the
first few shots had given up: even with her gatling gun’s gyro-stabilization
giving her a rock-solid sight picture, the Kreelans seemed to almost
anticipate Coyle’s shots, dodging out of the way. And with as little
ammunition as she had left, she couldn’t afford to waste it.

The infantry had taken pot shots at their pursuers, but with no more effect.
Coyle had ordered them to conserve their ammunition.

“How much longer?” the reporter, Steph something-or-other, asked.

“About five minutes to reach the LZ,” Coyle told her, checking her map display
for the location of the landing zone, or LZ. “Then about five minutes more
until the boats are supposed to land.”

“What about all the Kreelans who were there before we left?” Steph asked.

Coyle shrugged. “Hope they went somewhere else. If we can’t secure the drop
zone, the boats aren’t gonna land.”

A few minutes later, _Chiquita_ passed by the original hide positions used by
Coyle’s platoon. Then they passed by the last buildings on the outskirts of
the city, heading toward the positions originally occupied by the Alliance
Legion’s 1st Cavalry Regiment, the _1er REC_.

“Jesus,” Coyle whispered as _Chiquita_ slowed to a halt.

Ahead of them were about a hundred men, legionnaires, who were the only living
people as far as she could see. From her vantage point on top of the tank, she
could see the positions that had been occupied by the wheeled tanks of the
_1er REC_ , as well as those next to it that had been dug out for the
paratroopers, the _2ème REP._ It was a charnel house, with at least a couple
thousand human and Kreelan bodies strewn about, along with the burned-out
hulks of the armored regiment’s tanks and other vehicles. The smoke from the
wrecks wafted away over the nearby forest to join the greater black cloud
streaming from the devastated city.

The legionnaires were sitting or laying down, clearly exhausted. One of them,
a big man who looked like he’d been on the losing end of a fight with a
bulldozer, rose unsteadily to his feet and staggered toward _Chiquita_.

Coyle tried to get out of the turret to go meet him, but suddenly
just...couldn’t. Her legs, her body, wouldn’t respond. “Oh, fuck,” she said as
she leaned forward and vomited. Nothing came up, as she hadn’t had anything to
eat or drink for hours. She had been running on adrenaline and fear alone.

She felt a comforting hand on her shoulder, then someone hugging her.

“It’s okay,” she heard the reporter, Steph, say softly.

After the heaves passed, Steph and one of the other soldiers helped Coyle from
the cupola, and she made her way through _Chiquita’s_ human passengers,
finally reaching the ground on shaky legs. Despite the lack of any Kreelan
warriors, even the ones who had been pursuing them out of the city, none of
the infantry wanted to leave the perceived safety of the tank’s menacing bulk.

Coyle tried not to sway too much as she walked to meet the approaching
legionnaire. “ _Bonjour_ ,” she said, using the only word she knew in French
that wouldn’t start a bar fight. “Staff Sergeant Patty Coyle, 7th Cavalry
Regiment.”

The man offered her a smile through his battered face, and extended a paw that
was equally mauled, with raw, broken knuckles and at least a couple of broken
fingers. His grip, though, was still strong, and he didn’t even wince when she
applied gentle pressure, not wanting to appear to be a wimpy female to him.

“Happy to see you, Sergeant Coyle,” he said in an accent she recognized as
British, although he had a bit of a lisp from several missing teeth. He
sounded far too perky for someone in his condition, particularly in contrast
to the exhausted men around him. Then she realized that he was probably so
high on painkillers and other drugs that she could have hit his foot with a
sledge hammer and he’d only ask her for more.

“She’s a brevet captain,” Steph corrected him from where she stood behind
Coyle.

The legionnaire raised his eyebrows, or would have if his face had not been so
swollen. “Outstanding!” he said, saluting. “ _Soldat 1e Classe_ Roland Mills
and the remainder of the _Légion étrangère_ \- well, two regiments of it, in
any case - at your service. If you might like to meet our commanding officer?”

Coyle returned the salute, then turned around to give Steph her best evil eye.
The reporter shrugged unapologetically before following Coyle, uninvited,
after Mills.

When they reached the small circle of legionnaires clustered around one who
was lying on the ground, Coyle bit back more bile. Both of the man’s legs were
badly burned, as was his left arm.

“ _Mon colonel_ ,” Mills said, “this is brevet Captain Coyle of...” Mills
turned to her, leaving the rest of the sentence hanging.

“Of the 7th Cavalry Regiment,” Coyle said. “Our commander, Colonel Sparks, is
still alive, but very badly injured.”

“A common theme among the officers, it would seem,” the man on the ground
said, a humorless smile touching his lips. “I am _Lieutenant-Colonel_ Grishin,
commander of the _1er REC._ I am glad your colonel survived. A most
interesting man.” Peering up at Steph, he added, “And I see the lovely Miss
Guillaume survived thus far, as well. I am happy this is so.”

“Thank you, sir,” Steph replied, not sure what else to say. So many others,
trained to be soldiers, had died, and yet she had somehow survived. It didn’t
make any sense. Then again, this entire war didn’t make any sense.

“Our colonel’s in very bad shape, sir,” Coyle said. “He was run through with a
sword and has severe internal injuries. I just hope he can make it back to the
fleet.” She looked to the sky. “There are boats coming in to pick all of us
up, your people, as well. They should be here very soon if they stayed on
schedule.”

Grishin frowned, almost as if he were disappointed. “We did not know. I had
thought this would be our Camarón.”

Coyle had no idea who or what Camarón was, but from his tone of voice it
sounded like it was the Legion’s equivalent of the Little Bighorn for the 7th
Cav.

Before she could say anything else, Grishin asked her, “Coyle, I am placing
you in command of my men. We have no officers remaining, and I am in no shape
to command. Will you do that?”

She looked at the weary hard-faced men around her, then up at Mills, who
nodded slightly. “Yes, sir. If they’re willing to follow my orders.”

“They will,” he said with a hint of a smile. “They have not followed the
orders of a woman before, but with you commanding the only functional armored
vehicle here, they can hardly argue, yes? And Mills will make sure they do not
misbehave.”

The big legionnaire nodded gravely. Coyle noticed that the other men regarded
him with obvious awe. He was an impressive-looking man who had clearly managed
to take a savage beating and survived to tell about it, but the expressions on
the faces of the others said that there was more to the story. She’d have to
find out about it later, assuming any of them survived.

“Then we should get into defensive positions,” Coyle said. “All your men are
clustered in one spot.”

“We have no need,” one of the other legionnaires said pointedly through a
heavy German accent. “We are safe.”

“What do you mean?” Steph said hotly. “Nobody’s safe here.”

The legionnaire pointed to Mills. “He fought one of the aliens, a huge one.
She let us go. The aliens went away, let us live.”

“It’s true,” Mills said. “I know it sounds absurd, but that’s what happened.
They were slaughtering us, then this giant of a female warrior came and tagged
me for a bit of fun.” He gestured at his face. “I guess I entertained her well
enough. Then after beating me into the bloody ground, she and all her vixen
friends trotted off somewhere else. They didn’t give us a second thought after
that.”

“Well, you may be safe,” Coyle said, not sure she could buy a story like that,
“but we sure as hell aren’t. We’ve been hounded from the start, and there was
a group of warriors hunting us all the way out of the city. They disappeared,
but I can’t believe they followed us all that way to just give up right at the
end.” She glanced worriedly behind her, noting with some relief that Yuri, as
tired as he was, had the foresight to turn the turret around and was
constantly scanning the approaches to their position. The infantry on the rear
deck had hopped, and in some cases simply tumbled, to the ground as the main
gun swept back and forth. “I don’t think they’re just going to let us walk
away when the boats get here.”

That’s when she heard a sound like thunder: sonic booms from the boats as they
made their approach.

“It’s about fucking time,” she whispered, relief suddenly flooding through
her. _We can do this_ , she told herself. _Just a few minutes_.

“Coyle,” one of the infantrymen called to her. She turned and looked where he
was pointing. More uniformed figures were coming down the road, running,
shuffling, and staggering. There were hundreds of them. As they got closer,
she could see that it was a mix of men and women from the rest of her parent
31st Armored Division and a sprinkling of Alliance troops. No vehicles. But
maybe there would be a real officer who could take charge of this fuckup.

As it turned out, there was. One of the company commanders from a different
brigade, someone she had never met before, was the ranking officer. After she
briefly explained what she knew, he did exactly what she should have figured
would happen: he officially put her in charge of securing the perimeter, using
her tank and “her” infantry. In the meantime, he began to organize the rest of
the survivors into groups to get onto the boats, and completely ignored the
legionnaires.

Coyle had seen that most of the new arrivals had thrown down their weapons
after they’d run out of ammunition, so they weren’t even armed. She tried to
get at least some of them to run over and grab weapons from the dead Legion
paratroopers, but they refused. The captain ordered her to attend to her
duties, although in not very polite terms.

Disgusted to the point she was sure she would shoot the man, she ordered the
survivors of the 7th Cavalry to gather weapons and ammunition. And like the
professionals they were, they obeyed. But if looks could kill, the nameless
captain would have died a hundred deaths.

As the cavalrymen trotted toward the paratroopers’ former positions to hunt
for weapons, Mills said to his comrades, “Once the boats get here, our blue
lady friends will be back, and the honeymoon, lads, will be over.” Then, with
a nod to Coyle, he led them after the Terran troops to pick up more ammunition
for their own weapons. He had no illusions that their survival to this point
had been anything more than a stay of execution, and thought the Terran
captain was an incredibly ignorant ass for not making sure everyone was armed
before the boats arrived.

Coyle was willing to put up with the garbage the captain from the other
brigade had dished out to that point, but when he tried to move Sparks,
Hadley, and the regiment’s other injured soldiers out of the battered civilian
van that had carried them out of Foshan and arrange them in the group with the
other survivors of his own brigade, she rebelled.

“I am _ordering_ you to get your colonel and the other wounded in the first
boat,” the captain told her. He had been forced to come over and deal with the
situation directly after Coyle and the other 7th Cav troopers who hadn’t gone
with Mills had faced off against the enlisted men the captain had sent over to
take Colonel Sparks and the others away.

“Excuse me, _sir_ ,” she told the captain icily from her cupola, “but my
colonel stays with his regiment. We’ll load him and our other wounded when
it’s our turn to board. Whenever that may be.”

“Are you disobeying a direct order, soldier?” the officer said, his soot-
covered face reddening with anger.

Looking down on him from the height of the tank’s turret, Coyle thought
tiredly, _What a jackass_. “Yes, sir, I am. With all due respect.”

“Sergeant!” the captain snapped to the senior NCO of the gaggle of soldiers
he’d brought over to take the wounded and deal with any insubordination.
“Place this woman under arrest and escort her to the boat.”

“Yes, sir,” the sergeant said, saluting smartly, a grin on his face.

The grin vanished as he turned and found himself staring down the muzzles of a
dozen assault rifles. Looking up, he saw that Coyle’s gatling gun was pointed
straight at him.

“This is mutiny,” the captain breathed. “Sergeant, take her!”

“Sir,” the NCO said quietly, staring at the tense 7th Cav troopers, “we don’t
have any weapons. You ordered us to ditch them all when we ran out of the
city.”

The captain, his face turning a deep purple, turned back to Coyle. “I’ll have
you shot for this, soldier,” he grated.

“You know, captain,” she told him, “that would probably be a relief for me
right now.” Her finger was shaking over the controls of the gatling gun. Part
of her really wanted to shoot him, just for being such a prick. But another
part didn’t want to waste the ammunition, because she knew they’d need it.
Soon. “But I think it’d just be best if you and your crunchies just left us
alone so we can save your asses when the Kreelans come after us. _Sir_.”

Without another word, the captain turned and stalked off, shouting orders at
his troops, taking out his frustrations on them.

Meanwhile, the cavalry troopers and legionnaires worked quickly to pick up
weapons and enough ammunition to try and defend the LZ. When they were
finished, Coyle had about a hundred and twenty troops altogether, about the
size of an infantry company. The survivors of the equivalent of two combat
brigades.

Without bothering to consult the captain, she had her NCOs break the group
down into ad-hoc squads that took up positions around the LZ, facing in the
direction of the smoldering city.

“I wish we had more ammo,” Yuri lamented as he redistributed the rounds
between the tank’s coaxial gun and Coyle’s gatling gun, giving her most of it.
“We’re going to be nothing but a pissed-off pillbox pretty soon.” They hadn’t
fired any more rounds from the main gun, so they still had ten left in the
magazine. But the anti-tank rounds were useless for killing anything but other
armored vehicles.

“We’ll do what we can,” she said, hearing the roar of the boats as they came
in. She couldn’t see them yet, as they were making a low approach over the
forest behind them, trying to stay masked by the terrain as long as possible.

“There they are!” someone shouted, and everyone stood up and whooped with joy
as the dark gray Navy assault boats came in to land in the open area in the
rear of the position originally occupied by the _1er REC_.

Steph snorted. “We don’t have enough people to fill up one of them,” she said.
“Why’d they send two?”

“Without comms,” Coyle told her, shouting now over the deafening scream of the
boats’ engines, “they wouldn’t have any idea how many survivors there might
be. Better there’s too much room than too little.”

Steph nodded, shielding her eyes from the dust kicked up by the big assault
boats. “Boat” was perhaps a misnomer, as the vessels now settling down on
their massive landing struts massed roughly two thousand tons and were over
half as long as a football field. Each could carry a full company of Wolfhound
tanks or an entire battalion of mechanized infantry. Despite their size, they
carried no armor or weapons, sacrificing those traits for more lift capacity.

As the ships settled low to the ground, the boats’ engines throttled back to a
muted howl. The main rear ramps began to descend and the side personnel doors
opened, with ladders sliding from the hull to drop to the ground. The
loadmasters came out to help get everyone aboard.

“Coyle!” she heard Yuri shout from the top of the turret. She turned and saw
him pointing in the direction of the city.

As if they had simply appeared out of nowhere, hundreds of Kreelan warriors
stood on the slight rise, just over a hundred meters away, between the landing
zone and the outer edge of Foshan. In the center stood a huge warrior, her
body and face an odd maroon color.

It took Coyle a moment to realize that it was blood. Human blood.

“ _Open fire!_ ” she screamed as the shock of adrenaline once more hit her
system and she bolted for _Chiquita_.

The infantry nearest to her, the only ones who had been able to hear her
order, began to fire.

With the first shot the Kreelans, all but the huge warrior and two others,
charged.

* * *

Tesh-Dar held back Li’ara-Zhurah and Kamai-Utal from the massed attack, not to
deny them glory, but to have them learn and, in Li’ara-Zhurah’s case, to rest
for a moment. The young warrior had given glory enough to the Empress simply
in the passion of her pursuit of the human machine and its wily crew, and the
great priestess would not see her blood spent here. Not yet. The charging
warriors knew that the vehicle was to be left to Li’ara-Zhurah, and they
ignored it, concentrating on the other humans.

Seeing some of the humans she had let live after her own small Challenge
earlier with the solitary human, she felt a surge of relief: they were
fighting back. Tesh-Dar had not intended it this way, but she would have been
bitterly disappointed had they used her earlier magnanimity as an excuse to
simply watch as their fellow animals were butchered, thinking themselves safe.
Had they done so, they all would have died by her own hand.

As it was, she reconsidered her original plan to not let any of the humans go.
Her thoughts were driven not by pity, for she felt none, but by the knowledge
that some of them had proven such worthy adversaries that they might be used
another day to bring glory to the Empress. It was a small enough sacrifice for
Tesh-Dar to make.

She watched the line of her warriors surging forward toward the humans, and
made her decision: if any of the humans were able to fend off her warriors and
make their escape in these ships, she would allow them to leave the surface.
From there, fate would have to favor them.

One of the humans, however, she would not allow to leave: the one who
commanded the armored vehicle. That one’s life belonged to Li’ara-Zhurah.

The warriors howled past the great vehicle to attack the humans who sought to
leave without first offering battle.

* * *

Yuri had dropped back down in the turret after alerting Coyle and was firing
nonstop at the rapidly approaching mass of howling alien warriors.

“Where the fuck did they come from?” Coyle asked frantically as she trained
the gatling gun around to fire at the enemy.

“I don’t know!” he said, pausing momentarily as he swiveled the turret
slightly to try and keep up with the Kreelan line. He’d fired hundreds of
rounds already, but the damned warriors seemed a lot more nimble than before,
half of them dodging out of his line of fire at the last instant. “It’s like
they bloody stood up right out of the ground!”

Coyle squeezed the trigger for the gatling gun, sending a spray of twenty
millimeter rounds through a section of the Kreelan line. Half a dozen of them
were cut down: it wasn’t easy to avoid being hit by a weapon that fired a
hundred rounds per second.

“Shit!” Yuri shouted. “They’re too close! I can’t hit them!”

The Kreelans swarmed past her tank and the defensive positions of the
infantry, ignoring them completely as they headed straight toward the first
assault boat.

“Jesus, they’re going right for the first boat!” Coyle cried as she spun the
gatling gun around. She watched in horror as the wave of Kreelans reached the
ship. The loadmasters had gotten everyone aboard and had closed the side
personnel doors. Now they were frantically trying to bring up the rear ramp,
which took nearly twenty seconds to close.

It was halfway shut when the Kreelans got there, and Coyle watched in
horrified wonder as the lead warriors suddenly turned into acrobats, with a
pair of warriors instantly stooping down to act as a jumping platform for a
third. They did it smoothly, as if they practiced such a move all the time.
Several groups did this, and half a dozen warriors were vaulted over the top
of the closing ramp to disappear inside.

Other warriors, again propelled by their sisters, tried to climb up the hull,
using their talons to gain purchase in the metal. All of them failed except
for one, a smaller warrior who steadily climbed all the way to the cockpit
window and began to batter away at the clearsteel with a long dagger. Coyle
had no idea if she’d be able to get through, but she wouldn’t have traded
positions with the pilots for anything. She’d already had more than her fair
share of close encounters.

Around her the legionnaires and infantry from her regiment fired at the enemy,
but many of them were now on the far side of the assault boat, protected by
its hull.

Coyle decided that there was no point in just sticking around. She felt sorry
for the poor slobs in the first boat who were no doubt being cut to ribbons,
since most of the fools had no weapons, but she’d take whatever advantage she
could. “ _Run for it!_ ” she screamed over the loudspeakers. “Get to the other
boat! Mannie, move toward the boat, but don’t run anybody over!”

The squads of her ad-hoc command leaped from their positions and dashed for
the second boat, which had already closed the rear ramp and was spooling up
its engines. The loadmasters were closing the personnel doors, the ladder
already retracting from the ground.

“Don’t leave us, you fuckers!” Coyle shouted at them as she blasted a few more
Kreelans with her gatling gun. In her mind she could hear Lieutenant
Krumholtz’s voice, begging the same of her. She brutally shoved the thought to
the back of her mind.

Suddenly Mills was at the boat. The big legionnaire jumped up and caught the
bottom rung of the ladder as it retracted, then managed to reach up and grab
the loadmaster’s ankle as the ladder slid into the hull. The loadmaster tried
to shake him off until another legionnaire leaped up and grabbed onto Mills’
legs, their combined weight pulling the loadmaster halfway out of the boat.

“Take us right up to the hatch, Mannie!” Coyle ordered her driver.

“Shit, look!” Yuri cried.

The other boat, carrying the bastard captain and his gaggle of survivors, was
taking off, but only made it a few meters into the air before it began to
wobble. The Kreelans on the ground surrounding it ran toward the forest,
trying to avoid the heat of the hover engines. Coyle thought for a moment that
the pilots were maneuvering intentionally to kill the enemy, until the boat
yawed drunkenly and she could see the small cockpit above the forward
clamshell doors. The Kreelan who had been there had fallen off, but the inside
of the windshield was spattered with blood. Then one of the personnel hatches
opened and people started flinging themselves out. The boat wasn’t very high
yet, but it was certainly high enough that jumping wasn’t an option. The
bodies hit the unyielding ground and lay still.

The boat hit the trees and paused for just a moment, almost as if it might
gently rebound to drift back over the LZ. Then it suddenly tipped over and
crashed to the ground, its lift and drive engines still roaring, setting the
forest on fire.

Mannie swiveled _Chiquita_ around and brought her rear engine deck right under
the personnel hatch of the second boat where Mills and the other legionnaire
still dangled. The legionnaire released his grip and rolled to the ground,
dashing out of the tank’s way, as Mills flailed his feet, finally gaining
purchase on the vehicle’s rear deck. Then he hauled the loadmaster out of the
boat and hammered him once in the face with an already bloodied fist. The man
crumpled to the hot armor plate, holding both hands to his face to stem the
blood from his shattered nose before Mills grabbed him by the scruff of the
neck and tossed him off the tank. Then Mills ordered two other legionnaires,
weapons at the ready, up into the boat.

Coyle couldn’t hear what he said to them over the growing roar of the boat’s
lift engines: the pilots were trying to take off, the loadmaster and the rest
of them be damned. She could see it start to rise, the landing struts
extending as the boat’s lift engines went to full power.

Suddenly the boat stopped going up, then settled back down. Coyle looked at
Mills, who grinned and put his index finger to his temple, his thumb raised in
the air to mime a pistol.

“Get aboard!” she shouted through the loudspeakers at the others, who were now
clustered around _Chiquita_.

The first ones up were the two injured colonels, who were handed up as
carefully as was possible in such a ludicrous situation, followed quickly by
the rest of the injured.

Mills kept order on the back deck of the tank when it came time for everyone
else to board the boat, making sure nobody pushed or shoved to try and get
aboard ahead of someone else. The couple who tried that were tossed off the
tank to wait their turn at the end of the line.

“Mannie, Yuri,” she said, “up and out. Get in the boat!”

“We’re not leaving you,” Yuri said stubbornly. Mannie said nothing, but he
didn’t open his hatch to get out.

“Goddammit, get out of the tank!” she yelled at them. “You can’t do anything
else here.”

“Fuck off, Coyle,” Yuri told her, turning around as she dropped back into the
turret. Looking her in the eyes, he told her, “We’ve come this far together.
When you’re ready to leave, we’ll go with you. Not before.”

She didn’t know whether to punch him or kiss him. In the end she settled for
saying, “You’re both dumb fucks, you know that? But I’m glad you’re here.”

Looking back out the cupola, she saw that Mills had almost everyone aboard and
was gesturing at her to come. “Okay, you idiots, I think it’s our turn to get
on the bus. Let’s-”

Suddenly the huge warrior was simply _there_ , right on the tank’s engine deck
next to Mills, right in front of the open hatch to the assault boat.

His eyes wide with disbelief, Mills lunged at her, trying to knock her off the
tank. She did something - Coyle wasn’t sure what, because it happened so fast
her eyes couldn’t follow it - and Mills was down on the deck, lying very
still.

“No!” Coyle screamed, as a legionnaire standing in the boat’s hatchway fired a
full magazine from his rifle into the alien apparition. The rounds simply
passed through her to ricochet off the tank’s armor.

Baring her fangs, the alien reached up with one arm and plucked the
legionnaire who had fired on her from the boat, sinking her talons into his
chest before hurling his body to the ground. Then she did something even more
unexpected: she picked up Mills like a huge rag doll and handed him up to the
disbelieving soldiers crowded into the hatchway.

Coyle didn’t want to believe that she had seen the legionnaire’s bullets pass
right through the big warrior, and was tempted to try and blow her away with
the gatling gun. But she would’ve hit the boat, and that wouldn’t do. Not
after all this.

The warrior stood there, looking at her, then pointed past the front of the
tank. A lone warrior stood there, waiting. Coyle recognized her as the leader
of the group that had been hunting _Chiquita_ during the regiment’s escape
from the city.

With a sinking feeling, Coyle suddenly understood. “Yuri, Mannie,” she said in
a brittle voice, “get out of the tank and get on the boat. Now.”

“But-”

“ _Now_ , boys,” she told them. “There’s no more time.” With that, she took
her helmet off and dropped it on the ground beside the tank. She wouldn’t need
it anymore.

Yuri and Mannie opened their hatches uncertainly, then climbed out on top of
the tank. Seeing the hulking warrior at the rear, next to the hatch to the
boat, they stopped.

“It’s okay,” Coyle shouted. “Ignore her. Get in the damned boat.”

“What about you?”

“Don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine,” she lied.

She almost had a good laugh at the looks on their faces as they sidestepped
past the warrior, who studiously ignored them, her interest focused only on
Coyle.

“Goodbye, guys,” she whispered into the roar of the boat’s idling lift engines
as her crew climbed into the boat. Mills looked out at her from the hatch, and
she nodded to him. She hadn’t believed his tale before, about dueling with the
big warrior, but she did now. He nodded back, his face grim, before he hit the
button to close the hatch.

The last face she saw as the hatch slid shut was that of the reporter woman,
Steph, whose cheeks were wet with tears. Coyle raised her hand in farewell.

With a sigh of resignation, she climbed down from the tank as the boat’s lift
engines spooled up again, sending up a storm of dust and debris. After a few
seconds the landing struts parted company with the ground, and the ship began
to climb quickly. She watched it go, flying low over the burning forest in the
direction it had come. The pilots weren’t taking any chances against Kreelan
air defense weapons. _Good luck_ , she thought.

Then she turned to face the warrior who apparently wanted her head for a
prize. It was a small enough price to pay for the safety of the others, Coyle
thought.

As the big warrior looked on, Coyle’s opponent approached and handed Coyle a
sword. Coyle looked at it, having to admire the beauty of the craftsmanship
and thinking that the Kreelans could get rich by making jewelry if they could
only get over their urge to kill everyone in sight.

With a shrug, she held the sword up in a salute, whipping it up so the grip
was a hand’s breadth from her chin, the sword’s tip high in the air, then
lowering it to her right side, pointing it off at a forty-five degree angle at
the ground. It was parade-ground perfect, and she knew that Colonel Sparks
would have been proud.

Holding the sword at the ready, her attention focused on the Kreelan as the
warrior moved forward into the attack, Coyle never felt the ten centimeter-
long sliver of hull plating that killed her as the first assault boat finally
exploded, scouring the landing zone with flame and metal debris.


* Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Six{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX**

  

“We’re in range, sir,” Bogdanova said as the tactical display showed the range
ring for the pulse cannon intersect the Kreelan ships that were gaining on the
Terran and Alliance carriers.

“Chief,” Sato called to Chief DeFusco in engineering, “I’m going to bring up
the pulse cannon.”

“Go ahead, skipper,” she said. “The damn thing should fire. The only thing I’m
really worried about is the structural damage we’ve taken. Running the ship at
flank speed is starting to stress what’s left of the keel ahead of the forward
engineering spaces. I’ve checked the alignment of the central conduit where
the pulse cannon is mounted, and it looks okay for now. But I can’t guarantee
that it’ll hold when we start maneuvering.”

“I’ll keep it in mind, chief,” Sato told her. Then, to the rest of the bridge
crew, “Stand by to engage.” They were trailing the enemy ships now, slowly
gaining on them as they closed with the carriers. _It’s going to be close_ ,
Sato knew. With no one available to man the tactical station, he had to take
care of the weapons himself. “Pulse cannon, target, designate,” he announced.
Aligning the targeting pipper of the pulse cannon with one of the enemy ships,
the _McClaren_ turned slightly to starboard. Unlike the ill-fated Captain
Morrison, Sato waited until the ship had steadied and the targeting computer
confirmed a hard target lock and that the ship was slaved to the targeting
computer. “Firing.”

As when Morrison had fired, the ship thrummed as the energy buffers dumped
their stored power into the pulse cannon, drawing on every non-critical system
in the ship to feed the hungry weapon. The lights again dimmed as the
_McClaren_ was joined for just an instant with the target ship.

Unlike when Morrison fired, Sato’s shot hit the intended target right between
the twin flares of its engines. Designed to pierce the armor of a cruiser’s
hull, the emerald beam instantly vaporized tons of metal in the enemy
warship’s vulnerable stern. The resulting explosion obliterated the entire
propulsion section, sending what was left of the forward part of the ship
tumbling end over end, spewing air, debris, and bodies as it quickly fell
behind the other three warships.

“Stand by kinetics!” Sato warned. He wasn’t firing to try and hit the other
ships, although he wouldn’t pass on a luck shot, but to try and distract them
from the carriers, which were now running in low orbit, waiting to pick up the
assault boats that were even now coming back from the surface. He prayed that
Steph had somehow made it onto one of them.

They had only been able to repair two of the ship’s primary kinetic weapons.
The aft ventral turret was of no use in a trailing fight like this. But the
forward dorsal battery, mounted on the “top” of the forward part of the hull,
was tracking the enemy ships and was locked on for barrage fire. Sato had
programmed it to fire a brace of projectiles in a box pattern that would hit
the lead ship if it didn’t maneuver out of the way.

“Firing!” he said as he hit the _commit_ button. The ship echoed with thunder
as the big cannon fired half a dozen rounds.

The hull suddenly made a screeching shudder, an undulating vibration that
shook the entire ship and made Sato’s blood run cold.

“Captain!” DeFusco suddenly shouted over the ship’s intercom from engineering.
“We’re losing the keel! I’ve got structural warnings on every frame from
forward engineering halfway to the bridge. If we don’t reduce speed, we’re
going to lose her, and for the love of God don’t fire the forward kinetic
battery again!”

“Can we fire the pulse cannon?” he asked her, ignoring her warning to slow the
ship. The weapon display indicated that the energy buffers were still cycling.
Twenty seconds remained.

For a moment, DeFusco said nothing. “Sir,” she said quietly, “the ship is
going to break up if we don’t slow down. Doing anything else is about as good
as detonating a torpedo amidships.”

“Answer the question, chief,” Sato ordered her, eyeing the weapon status. Ten
more seconds. None of the remaining enemy ships had reacted to the death of
their sister vessel, and he already had the target reticle locked on the
trailing warship.

“The cannon might work properly, sir,” DeFusco said stiffly. “Should I pass
the word to abandon ship?”

“Stand by to fire,” Sato said, ignoring her. Bogdanova and the others glanced
at him as if he were slightly mad. “Those carriers are helpless unless we even
the odds for them,” he said. “One of them is worth half a dozen ships like
this. Or more. And they’re the only way our surviving troops can get home.”
_And the only chance Steph might have, if she’s still alive_ , he thought
without a trace of guilt.

The weapon display flashed green: the energy buffers had recharged.

“Firing,” he said, again punching the _commit_ button.

Again the emerald beam flared from the _McClaren’s_ bow, and again it took the
next target directly in the stern. The pulse cannon hit one of the ship’s
engines, resulting in a massive fireball that sent the ship tumbling around
all three axes. It hadn’t suffered fatal damage, but it was enough to take her
out of the fight, and that was all Sato cared about.

Another shudder wrenched at the hull, more violently this time, and alarms
began to blare on the bridge.

“Hull breach!” one of the crewmen manning the life support section cried. “The
main torpedo room is in vacuum. Containment alarm in tubes one, three and
four!”

“Dammit,” Sato hissed. He had been hoping to use the torpedoes to take out the
other ships if the pulse cannon failed. But the hull had wrenched itself out
of line enough, twisting such that some of the torpedo launch tubes themselves
had become warped, and three of the big missiles had been ruptured in their
tubes. “Can we jettison them?”

“Negative, sir,” the crewman said. “I can’t even get the outer doors open, for
any of the tubes.”

The hull suddenly shook so hard that Sato’s head was flung down against his
chest. His jaw slammed shut, his teeth biting deep into his tongue.

“Bridge!” DeFusco’s panicked voice called. “We’re losing everything ahead of
frame fifty-eight! _Get the fuck out of there!_ ”

“All stop!” Sato ordered, blood streaming from his lips from where he’d bitten
his tongue. Hitting the control to open a channel to the entire ship, he said,
“Crew, this is the captain. Move aft beyond frame fifty-eight! _Now!_ ” With
that, he unbuckled from his combat chair and began ushering the bridge crew
down the passageway aft.

“Sir, look!” Bogdanova exclaimed as she turned to look one last time at the
tactical display. The Kreelan ship that was the target for the kinetic rounds
flashed three times and began to lose way, falling out of formation with her
surviving sister ship.

_Got her_ , Sato thought as he managed a blood-smeared grin. _There’s only one
left, now. The carriers can manage that much. _

As he turned to run after the others, he saw the remaining Kreelan warship
change course. He bit off a curse as he realized what she was doing: going
after the unarmed assault boats that were rising from the surface.

* * *

Steph sat silently by herself in the cavernous bay of the assault boat, her
senses withdrawn from reality, insulated by the dull roar of the ship’s
engines as it rose through the atmosphere. It was eerie, seeing so much space
for so few people. The boat she had ridden down to the planet with the men and
women of the 7th Cav had been packed full of soldiers, weapons, and equipment.
It seemed like a lifetime ago.

She held her video array in one hand, amazed that, like her, it had survived.
She wasn’t yet sure what she would do with the footage she had recorded. After
reviewing the last few moments before the boat had taken off, watching Coyle
wave goodbye as they abandoned her to the Kreelans, Steph had broken down and
wept uncontrollably. So many had died. So very many. She realized that what
she had recorded wasn’t news, or a story that might lead her to a Pulitzer
prize. It was the death of whatever precious innocence Mankind had left,
stabbed through the heart by an alien sword.

“Some coffee, miss?”

Unwillingly breaking from her melancholy reverie, she looked up at the big
legionnaire, Mills. He sat down next to her in the ridiculous sling chairs
that hung on the walls around the bay, handing her the steaming cup. “Be
warned, though,” he said, a smile shining through his battered face, “I almost
had to beat that fucking loadmaster again before he’d hand over his thermos,
and I think the bastard pissed in it.”

Despite herself, Steph had to grin at the big Brit-turned-legionnaire. She
took a sip, and was glad for the warning. “Jesus,” she sputtered as the
incredibly strong brew hit her tongue, “I think this tub’s entire crew pissed
in it.”

Mills laughed. “Compliments of our Colonel Grishin, by the way,” he told her,
nodding at the coffee. “Went out like a light, he did, right after ordering me
to poison you with it. But he’s a tough bugger. He’ll make it.”

Suddenly there was a stir up front, and several of the NCOs came back looking
for Mills and Steph. While they weren’t in charge by rank, they had both
earned a special sort of respect from the others.

“We’ve got a laser link to _Guadalcanal_ ,” one of them said. Steph recognized
the name as one of the four carriers the Terran fleet had brought; the carrier
the 7th Cav had originally deployed from had been the _Inchon_. “They say
we’ve got trouble heading our way...”

* * *

“We’ve got to risk one more shot, chief,” Sato told a disbelieving Chief
DeFusco. “That Kreelan ship got wise and isn’t going to bother with the
carriers: it’s going to pick off the assault boats coming up from the surface.
We’ve got to stop it.”

“With all due respect,” she said, not sounding very respectful at all, “you’re
fucking crazy. Sir. The ship can’t take it. If somebody so much as farts in
the forward section, let alone fires the main guns, we lose the forward third
of the ship. We can’t fire the torpedoes because the hull’s warped. We can’t
fire the pulse cannon for the same reason: the optical path is out of
alignment and we’d blow ourselves up. Did I miss anything?”

Sato saw Ruiz, a giant in his armored suit, stiffen beside him at the chief’s
remarks. Sato waved him back. “I’m not asking you, chief,” he said icily. “I’m
ordering you. _Now_.”

“Fine,” she snapped. “Just fucking fine. _Captain_. You might want to have
everybody get into their beach balls before you try this stunt, because if the
hull warps anymore aft of forward engineering, we’re going to lose integrity
and atmosphere here, too.” She set up one of the engineering consoles to echo
the tactical display. “You realize that you’ll lose all the forward tactical
sensors, too? What are we supposed to aim with?”

Sato ignored her as he quickly set in the targeting commands for the forward
main gun. He was aiming for the Kreelan ship, but didn’t really expect to hit
her. What he really needed the guns for was to do just what the chief was
afraid of: break the ship’s back. Even with the engines stopped, he could feel
a sickening twisting motion in the ship as the hull flexed around her
devastated mid-section and weakened keel. To Bogdanova, who had taken over one
of the other engineering consoles, he said, “Stand by to maneuver.”

“ _What?_ ” DeFusco gasped.

“No time to explain, chief,” Sato told her. “Stand by...firing!”

The forward main kinetic battery fired a full volley. Then another. And a
third. The magazine ran dry as a horrible screech of metal, more akin to a
human screaming in agony, echoed through the ship as the forward third began
to break away.

“Engines, aft one quarter,” Sato ordered quickly. “Hard a-starboard.”

“Aye, aye, sir,” Bogdanova said uncertainly as she did as she was told.

Sato called up one of the external cameras and watched as _McClaren_ literally
tore herself in two. The forward section, nearly a third of the ship, had been
pushed to starboard by the firing of the main forward battery, which was aimed
to port. Sato’s maneuvering order put even more stress on the fractured hull,
bending the metal further until finally, with a terrible banging and tearing
noise from the rending metal, the front section broke free.

“Rudder amidships!” Sato snapped at Bogdanova. The ship, of course, did not
have an actual rudder, but it was yet another wet navy term that had carried
over into space, a shorthand order to stop the turn.

“Aye, sir,” she said, amazed that they were still alive. “Rudder amidships.”

“Status?” Sato barked at DeFusco.

“I don’t believe it,” she said as she scanned the engineering tell-tales.
There were plenty that were in the red, but most of them were for the now-gone
forward part of the ship. “She’s holding, sir. Slight loss of pressure in some
of the compartments aft of frame fifty-eight, but nothing critical.”

Sato nodded, then ordered, “All ahead flank. Make your course...” he eyed the
tactical display, which was now blank. All of the primary sensor arrays were
in the forward part of the ship. Activating one of the remaining external
cameras he quickly found what he wanted: a circular storm formation over Keran
to use as a reference point they could navigate by. In the middle of it was a
tiny speck. The Kreelan warship. “Bring her fifteen degrees to port, ten
degrees down,” he ordered. “Then just keep the target centered in the screen.”

_McClaren_ accelerated like a greyhound, freed of nearly a third of her mass.
Sato knew that the severely weakened hull would not long stand the strain, but
she only had to last long enough to catch the Kreelan warship. Then Sato
planned to use the only weapon he had left that could still be brought to
bear: the _McClaren_ herself.

* * *

“You’ve got a Kreelan warship on your tail,” the tactical controller aboard
_Guadalcanal_ told the pilot of the assault boat over the laser link. Mills,
Steph, and the ranking NCOs were plugged into the comms system to listen. “The
destroyer _McClaren_ tagged three others that were coming after us before the
last one thought better of attacking the carriers. But now it looks like that
last Kreelan ship is hunting the boats.”

Steph leaned her head against the cold metal of the bulkhead near the cockpit
where she was standing, relief washing over her as she ignored the danger she
herself was in. _Ichiro was alive_ , she thought, wanting to cry again. God,
she wanted to hold him. She would have given anything to be in his arms right
now.

“What should we do?” the pilot asked, trying to mask his fear. He knew the
Kreelan ships could operate in atmosphere, so there was no point in trying to
run for the surface. They also couldn’t outrun the enemy ship in space. They
didn’t have any other options.

“Maintain course,” _Guadalcanal_ ordered. The boat’s trajectory happened to be
in the same direction the Kreelan ship was heading, which would help hold the
range open as long as possible as this boat and the others caught up to the
orbit of the carriers. If they could escape the Kreelan now closing in on
them. “The maniac commanding _McClaren_ lost the forward part of his ship, but
he’s pursuing the Kreelan, anyway.”

_That certainly doesn’t sound like Captain Morrison_ , Steph thought with a
sinking feeling, _at least from what Ichiro said about him_.

“How long before the Kreelan ship can fire on us?” the pilot asked.

A pause. “We estimate five minutes.”

“What about _McClaren_? When can she engage?”

A longer pause. “She’d be able to attack by now if she still had her forward
weapons,” the controller finally answered. “It looks like they’re going to try
and ram.”

Steph slumped down to the deck, wanting to vomit up the bitter coffee in her
stomach as she imagined Ichiro’s destroyer slamming into the Kreelan ship,
both of them disappearing in an expanding cloud of white-hot plasma. “No,” she
whispered. “Please, God, no...”

* * *

The only reason _McClaren_ survived as long as she did was that she was
directly astern of the Kreelan ship, in her baffles as the wet navy sailors
used to say. While the analogy was inexact, the same basic principles applied:
almost every ship had reduced sensor effectiveness directly behind it due to
interference caused by the drives. The stern was also usually the weakest area
in terms of weapons that could be brought to bear, and it was also generally
highly vulnerable.

In the case of the Kreelan ship, either they had nothing mounted in the stern
to shoot with, or they hadn’t seen _McClaren_. Sato couldn’t credit the latter
notion, and so he kept his fingers crossed that they didn’t have any weapons
that could be trained directly aft. On the other hand, maybe they wanted
_McClaren_ to come close so they could fling boarders at her. If they tried,
they’d be in for a very unpleasant surprise.

“We’ve got two minutes, sir,” Bogdanova said nervously. They were measuring
their closure rate by having one of the Marines, perched in the wreckage at
the front of the ship, take range readings to the Kreelan vessel at intervals
with a laser rangefinder. Combining the distance readings and information from
the ship’s chronometer told them how fast they were approaching, and how long
they had left before impact.

“Remember the plan,” he told Ruiz, who only nodded in his armored suit. While
the crew originally thought Sato was just going to make a suicide attack, he
had a different idea. “We’ve got to hit hard enough to damage her drives so
she can’t pursue the boats. That’s the main objective. If we manage to survive
that, Ruiz will lead the Marines aboard to take out her weapons or, better
yet, destroy her completely. We can’t get away from her while her weapons are
still functional, since all we have to fight back with is the aft ventral
battery. She’ll blow us to pieces if any of her weapons are intact.” He looked
at the others, then said, “Any questions?”

“What if they send boarders at _us?_ ” DeFusco asked pointedly.

“That’s why I had all of you draw weapons,” Sato said grimly, conscious of the
weight of the assault rifle slung over his shoulder, and the _katana_ hanging
at his side. Miraculously, his quarters hadn’t suffered any damage and he had
been able to retrieve it. And the newly commissioned warships that had come on
this expedition, unlike the _Aurora_ , had well-stocked armories and weapons
lockers in several key locations, not just a handful of weapons concentrated
in one place. “The Marines have to take the enemy ship. We have to defend our
own.”

“Any more questions?” Sato asked. Heads shook all around. “Then let’s do it.”

* * *

Ruiz thought the idea the lieutenant - _captain_ , he reminded himself - had
come up with was bug-fuck crazy, but he had to admit the boy had style. And as
far as dim-witted stunts that could get you killed went, it appealed to his
inner nature. Perched here among the twisted beams and torn plating that was
now the “bow” of the ship, watching the Kreelan ship’s drives grow ever larger
as the _McClaren_ charged right up her ass, he didn’t doubt that he’d be
smashed into paste before he had a chance to shoot one of the aliens. He hoped
otherwise, but he’d never been a Pollyanna optimist. He hated people like
that.

In the meantime, it was an awesome view. The planet below was a gorgeous blue
and brown ball that got bigger as he watched, studded with swirling white
clouds in the halo of the atmosphere. The stars shone like a million tiny
beacons, and even the Kreelan ship was in its own way beautiful, her flowing
lines an elegant contrast to the pragmatic ugliness of her human counterpart.
Ruiz hardly thought himself a renaissance man, but seeing a sight like this
made him appreciate how someone might be captivated enough to become an artist
and put scenes like this on canvas with a brush.

But he’d leave that to others. His art was killing, and his preferred brush
was the recoilless heavy assault rifle he clutched in his right hand.

“Stand by,” he told his Marines on the platoon channel as he watched their
approach to the enemy ship. They were dispersed in the wreckage of
_McClaren’s_ fore end on the side opposite where they hoped to smash into the
Kreelan vessel. He had divided them up into eight combat teams of four Marines
each, hoping they could reach the hull of the enemy ship quickly after impact,
spread out, then plant explosive charges on her gun mounts and anything else
that looked vital. And if the enemy wanted to come out and play, the Marines
were more than ready to oblige.

Then he switched over to a secondary channel on the induction circuit that
linked him back to engineering. “We’re ready, sir,” he reported. “Jesus, we’re
getting close.” The Kreelan ship was growing at an alarming rate. Ruiz had
spent plenty of time in open space, training both for assaults on other ships
and to repel boarders. But this was a lot closer than they’d ever come in
training, and the alien ship suddenly seemed a lot bigger than he’d thought it
would be.

“Hang on, gunny,” Sato’s voice, tinny-sounding over the induction circuit,
said.

“Three hundred meters,” one of his Marines reported from a check of his laser
rangefinder. “One-fifty...”

“Oh, Christ!” Ruiz cursed as the _McClaren_ slammed into the other ship with
the force of thousands of tons of mass moving at nearly ten meters per second.
There was no sound, of course, but he could feel the screeching of the hulls
grinding together through his hands and feet as he clung desperately to a pair
of girders that had once been part of the ship’s central conduit.

He saw that somehow the navigator, Bogdanova, had yawed _McClaren_ to
starboard at the last second so they didn’t run right up the Kreelan ship’s
stern, then reversed the yaw to slam into the target. None of his men flew off
into space, so he figured they all managed to survive.

“ _Go, go, go!_ ” Ruiz yelled to his Marines. He could see that a number of
protruding girders from what was left of _McClaren’s_ bow had impaled the
other ship through its thin armor. But there was no way to tell how long the
unholy union would last. They had to get aboard the Kreelan ship fast and do
as much damage as they could. Everything else was gravy.

“Heads-up, gunny!” one of his men shouted. “Here they come!”

Dark shapes had begun to emerge from what must have been one of the enemy
ship’s airlocks in the shadow of _McClaren’s_ battered hull. Ruiz knew then
that the enemy must have seen _McClaren_ coming all along. Knowing she was
impotent after losing her forward section, the Kreelans had been waiting for
the human ship to get close enough, probably figuring they were trying to ram.
_Holy Christ_ , he thought to himself. _They could have blown us out of space
a hundred times, but pulled this shit, instead._

“Take ‘em!” Ruiz ordered, dropping any attempt to comprehend idiotic alien
behavior as he brought up his rifle. The head-up display, or HUD, in his
helmet was painting over two dozen targets in red, with his Marines
highlighted in blue. He took aim at the nearest Kreelan and fired, watching as
the projectile streaked toward its target.

A specialized weapon, the type of rifle the Marines were using had been rushed
into production from a hurriedly fabricated prototype. In testing it had
turned in an outstanding performance, and Ruiz wasn’t disappointed now. Firing
small rocket projectiles to minimize recoil that could send the Marines
spinning out of control in space, the weapons packed a much bigger punch than
the standard assault rifles carried by the Ground Forces troops. The
projectiles didn’t travel as fast as bullets, and so weren’t as accurate over
longer ranges against moving targets, but this range, less than a hundred
meters, was right in the middle of their sweet spot.

He watched with satisfaction as his round hit his target square in the chest,
the semi-armor piercing projectile punching through her suit’s armor before
exploding inside. The suit instantly puffed up from the pressure of the small
detonation, the faceplate turning red with blood as the Kreelan’s body was
blown up from the inside. “Die, motherfucker!” he hissed.

“Ruiz!” Sato’s tinny voice interrupted his concentration as he picked out
another target, a Kreelan who had just shot one of his Marines. “You’ve got to
get to the ship! She’s starting to pull free!”

With a start, Ruiz snapped his head up to look at where the two ships were
joined, and sure enough, the Kreelan was trying to pull away to port. “Fuck,”
he cursed to himself. “Yes, sir!” he told Sato. Switching to the platoon
channel, he boomed, “Marines! _Follow me!_ ”

Coiling his legs beneath him, he leaped toward the upper hull of the
struggling enemy ship, firing at any warriors he saw as he flew over them.
Most of his Marines jumped after him, but he could see more than a handful of
suits bearing the names of his men and women spinning away, lifeless, from the
battle.

Without warning, he was surrounded by three or four warriors that in his eyes
looked more like giant black spiders than humanoids. They had him by the arms
and legs, pulling at him as if they were trying to draw and quarter him. One
of them drew a sword, his eyes couldn’t credit the sight, and was about to try
and run him through when all four of the aliens suddenly exploded in a cascade
of gore as a fusillade of recoilless rifle fire tore through them.

“Christ, gunny!” he heard one of his Marines said as two of them grabbed his
arms and propelled him with their micro-thrusters to the Kreelan ship, while
two more provided covering fire. “That was too fucking close.”

Shaking free of his Marines as he settled close to the hull, annoyed with
himself for letting the Kreelans surprise him more than anything else, Ruiz
said, “Get those damn charges planted! We don’t have time to fuck around!”

“Check,” the team leader said, and they took off toward the stern of the ship,
skimming over its surface like bloated dark gray birds.

Other Marines tried to break contact with the Kreelans and get to the enemy
ship. Some made it, some didn’t. Others were simply fighting for their lives
as more Kreelans poured out of the ship’s airlocks. Ruiz’s targeting system
was painting at least four dozen enemy targets swarming his people who were
still pinned down in the wreckage of _McClaren’s_ bow.

“Oh, _shit!_ ” one of his female Marines cried out. “Gunny, the ship-”

Her signal broke off as the _McClaren_ sheered away, stripping away a fifty
meter long piece of hull plating from the Kreelan ship and venting the enemy
vessel’s guts to vacuum. Atmosphere exploded in icy clouds into space,
carrying along several dozen of the ship’s crew, none of them wearing vacuum
suits, and other debris.

“Ground!” he ordered as he used his micro-thrusters to slam his suit down on
the already-shifting hull of the enemy ship. “Latch on or you’ll get left
behind!” He activated the magnetic grips in the palms of his armored gloves
and the soles of his boots, praying that the ship’s skin had enough ferrous
metal to hold onto. Luckily, it did.

The good news, such as it was, was that he had good communications with his
men and women again. It was a small consolation as he watched the ship pull
away from the _McClaren_ , most of his Marines left tumbling in her wake. The
few Marines left defending _McClaren_ went down fighting under a swarm of
enemy warriors. Ruiz wondered if Sato’s luck had just run out.

“Gunny,” one of the team leaders said after Ruiz had taken a head count of the
dozen Marines who had made it across, “we don’t have enough charges left to
take out half the weapon mounts on this bitch. What are we gonna do?”

“Get in close and fuck with ‘em,” he said. Then he led them over the side of
the hull and into the ship through the section ripped open by _McClaren_ as
she had pulled away.


* Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Seven{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN**

  

Admiral Tiernan watched the tactical display with quiet admiration as the
_McClaren_ took down the three Kreelan warships that had gone after the
carriers, then drove off and pursued the fourth. _Morrison_ , he thought about
the ship’s captain, whom he’d had the displeasure of knowing from a previous
command, _as much of an asshole as you are, I’ll pin the Medal of Honor on you
myself for pulling off that stunt_.

They hadn’t even realized _McClaren_ was still with them until the
_Ticonderoga’s_ sensors picked up her drive signature not long after the
destroyer had quietly sailed behind the Kreelan fleet. Tiernan had wanted to
contact her, but had decided not to risk drawing any more attention to her
than necessary after it became clear that she was headed after the Kreelans
pursuing the incoming carriers. That would have been what Tiernan ordered
Morrison to do, anyway. The admiral only hoped that the destroyer would be
able to keep the last Kreelan ship from doing too much harm to the carriers or
the boats that were now rising from the surface with whatever was left of the
ground forces.

“Engagement range in two minutes, admiral,” his flag captain reported quietly.

On the tactical display, the two opposing fleets raced toward one another and
what Tiernan knew would be a final orgy of destruction that would decide the
outcome of the battle for Keran. He knew he was taking a huge risk: he was
under direct orders not to lose his fleet as a fighting force, but was
counting on more than a little luck to favor him in this engagement. He knew
that he might very well lose everything in the next few minutes. But as the
old saying went, “who dares, wins.” An entire planet and millions of people
were at stake. Neither he nor _Amiral_ Lefevre were about to abandon them.

His only real concern was the ammunition stocks of the Alliance ships. They
didn’t have much left, and they hadn’t been able to take the time to jump out
to rearm. So, once again, the Terran ships were in the lead, with
_Ticonderoga_ in the center of the third wedge that was arrowing for the enemy
formation’s heart.

“Nothing fancy,” he had told the flag staff officers as he had quickly
sketched out the maneuvering orders after the Kreelan fleet had begun to come
down from high orbit to attack. “We sail through their formation doing as much
damage as we can. All ships are to fire at will as soon as the enemy’s in
range. Then we’ll see where we stand.” _And how many of our ships are left_.

Turning to the vidcom, Tiernan said, “Good luck, admiral.” They didn’t expect
the laser links to be stable in the upcoming storm of ships and weapons.

“You, as well, my friend,” Lefevre told him. “It has been an honor.”

“Indeed, it has, sir,” Tiernan said as the leading waves of the two fleets
collided in fire and rending steel.

* * *

Thousands of kilometers away, Ichiro Sato and the surviving crew of the
_McClaren_ were fighting an altogether different kind of battle, although one
every bit as deadly. The Kreelan warship had managed to free herself from the
_McClaren’s_ embrace and was still closing on the helpless shuttles that were
now rising in a loose formation to loop around Keran to rendezvous with the
carriers. Sato could only hope that Ruiz and his Marines would be able to stop
her.

Like a returning nightmare, there were once more Kreelan warriors aboard
Sato’s ship. The Marines in what was left of the forward section fought
tenaciously, but in the end were simply overwhelmed by superior numbers. None
of the crew had actually seen one of the enemy before, and had never really
expected to up close. Fear was written on their faces as they ran in teams to
defend the key passageways leading aft. They didn’t have to worry about
defending the main airlocks, as those had been carried away with the forward
section when it broke away from the ship. The only airlock left was the
auxiliary located aft of engineering.

“How’ll they get in, sir?” one of the women in Sato’s team asked as he led
them forward to defend the ship. He had left DeFusco in charge of maneuvering
_McClaren_ , with very simple orders: try to catch up with the Kreelan
warship, and slam what was left of _McClaren_ into her drives.

“I don’t know,” he told her truthfully. The Kreelan ships were nothing like
the massive vessels the _Aurora_ had encountered, and he had no idea what
other surprises might be in store. “But they’ll find a way. Listen,” he said,
turning to the dozen men and women on his team, “the enemy is tough and
extremely well-trained. But they can be killed. We just have to try and-”

He was interrupted by an explosion as the hatch at the end of the passageway
disintegrated into white-hot fragments that blew inward toward them. There was
a sudden, brief, gust of air down the passageway, and Sato’s ears popped with
the change in pressure. Two similar explosions sounded from elsewhere in the
forward part of the ship.

“Get ready!” he ordered, and the men and women with him took up positions on
the floor and behind the hatch coaming, trying to make themselves into the
smallest possible targets as they aimed their rifles at the still-smoking
hatchway.

As the smoke cleared, Sato saw a pair of Kreelans worming their way into what
looked like a set of transparent membranes, clearly some sort of airlock, at
the end of the passageway.

“Hold your fire,” he said, a tingle of fear creeping down his spine. He had
assumed the Kreelans would use the same advanced technology they had when they
boarded the _Aurora_. But this was nothing more than a simple, if effective,
set of membranes that could certainly be pierced or torn by the human weapons.

“Sir?” one of the sailors asked, his finger tensing on the trigger of his
assault rifle.

“If we fire and damage that thing they’re coming through, we’re dead,” Sato
told him as he got to his feet. “None of us have vacuum suits.”

As if to punctuate his warning, they could hear the staccato firing of several
assault rifles, followed by a hollow _whoomp_ as a grenade went off in one of
the other passageways. That was followed by the shriek of air venting into
space, one of the sounds that spacefaring sailors feared as much as fire. The
screams of the crewmen as they were blown out of the ship were muted by the
intervening compartments, but tore through his heart nonetheless.

“Get back,” he told the others as he turned and quickly led them back down the
passageway as the Kreelans stripped out of their vacuum suits. Their eyes were
fixed on the humans, but otherwise they were not yet prepared to attack. _They
know the score, too_ , Sato thought. “Let them come,” he said. “Once they’re
out of their suits, we’re on even ground.”

“If you say so, sir,” one of the enlisted men said dubiously as he followed
Sato through the hatch, closing it behind him as more alien warriors made
their way through the airlock.

* * *

Gunny Ruiz grimaced in pain as he blasted yet another Kreelan out of his path.
He had been hit with one of the flying weapons the enemy used: one of the
blades was embedded in the thick pectoral muscles of his chest. His suit was
leaking air, but he figured he’d have enough to finish the job before he
asphyxiated.

He was down to only four Marines in the short time they’d been inside the
Kreelan ship. The enemy warriors were beyond fanatical in their defense. They
were completely outclassed by the Marines in their combat armor with their
recoilless rifles, and still they were murderous opponents. Even after the
Marines blew a compartment open to the vacuum of space, the female warriors,
without suits, attacked them with swords and claws as they were blown out into
space. Two of his people had died that way, their suits slashed open as the
enemy went flying past.

The Marines had blasted their way through the hatchways of the ship as they
moved aft as quickly as they could, trying to reach the ship’s engine room.
Ruiz had figured the bridge was probably much farther forward, and at the rate
his people were being killed, they’d never make it. And they didn’t have time.
He knew the ship would be in range of the fleeing shuttles any moment now.

“Down, gunny!” one of his men shouted as a warrior wearing a combat suit
hurled herself at Ruiz from around the bend in a passageway.

Ruiz dropped to the deck, but it was the wrong move: he landed right on the
Kreelan weapon still embedded in his chest and drove it even deeper. He was
momentarily paralyzed with agony as the Kreelan fell on top of him.

His Marines couldn’t shoot for fear of hitting him, but he wasn’t important.
“Forget about me!” he ground out through the pain as he fought to roll over so
he could fight the alien. “Find the goddamn engine room! No time left!”

The four other Marines paused only for a second before following their orders,
blasting their way through the passageways leading aft.

Using his massive upper body strength, Ruiz managed to push himself up off the
deck, the warrior still writhing on top of him, and flip over, slamming his
right elbow as hard as he could into her midsection. The warrior’s armor
absorbed the blow, but it gave him what he really wanted: just a few extra
centimeters of room. He rolled back in the opposite direction, careful to keep
his chest and the protruding weapon clear of the deck, then leapt on top of
her before she could regain her feet. He clung desperately to her armored
gloves, which were made to allow her razor-sharp talons to show through the
fingertips of the metal and fabric. Using his superior weight, he shoved her
to the floor, howling in pain as the throwing weapon was again driven deeper
into his chest, the tip burying itself in the bone of his sternum.

Ironically, the inhumanly sharp blades that were sticking out were equally
effective against Kreelan armor, and he watched with satisfaction as they
sliced through his opponent’s armor as well as his own. The blades didn’t
penetrate deep, but far enough: he suddenly yanked himself backward, pulling
the blades out of the alien’s suit.

Air rushed from her suit, crystals of water forming as the moisture in the
suit’s air froze almost instantly. He pinned her to the deck until she stopped
twitching.

As he struggled to get up, he found two more suited warriors waiting for him,
swords drawn.

He was just bringing up his rifle when a churning wall of fire exploded
through the passageway from the aft end of the ship, testimony to the
handiwork of his Marines.

* * *

“You’re clear,” the controller on the _Guadalcanal_ informed the assault boat
pilots. “The enemy ship that was on your tail is losing way.”

The pilots didn’t need to hear it from the carrier, as the enemy warship had
gotten close enough for them to track it on the boat’s sensors. Both pilots
breathed a heavy sigh of relief when they saw the ship’s icon suddenly slow
down, rapidly falling behind them.

“We’re actually going to make it,” the pilot murmured, holding his hand down
to his side out of sight and crossing his fingers. “Tell the _McClaren_ that
we’re good for the bar tab in any port,” he told the controller on the
carrier. On the sensor display, he saw the icons representing the other
shuttles climbing toward the still-invisible carriers. By his count, all but
two had made it.

“Nice thought, but it looks like there are going to be some empty chairs
around the table,” the controller told him, his voice tinged with regret. “The
_McClaren_ rammed the other ship, then they separated and it looks like her
drives have failed. She’s not going to make it.”

Hearing the words of the controller, Steph sat bolt upright from where she had
slumped down to the deck. “We have to go back,” she told the pilots. “We have
to go back to the _McClaren_.”

Both pilots stared at her. “Are you crazy?” the boat’s command pilot said.
“You see that?” he said, pointing to a blue icon just at the edge of the
boat’s forward sensor display that had _Guadalcanal_ marked under it. “That’s
our carrier. They’re going to leave us behind if we aren’t aboard in about ten
minutes.”

“The people on that ship saved our lives,” she argued. “We can help them. This
boat has plenty of room for the survivors-”

“There’s no time!” the pilot told her. “I’m sorry,” he said, his apology
utterly sincere. “I appreciate their sacrifice and what they did to save us. I
really do. But it won’t help them if we mount a rescue only to have all of us
get left behind.” He glanced at the other faces looking into the cockpit hatch
and listening, the few surviving NCOs of the Legion and the 7th Cavalry. “
_Guadalcanal_ and the other carriers have direct orders from Admiral Tiernan
that they are not to wait for stragglers.”

“Please,” she said, turning to Mills for support. “I know it’s a risk, but
we’ve got to go back. Ichiro Sato is on that ship along with the rest of the
crew. None of us would have had a chance at all in this fight if it weren’t
for him.”

Sato’s name had an immediate effect on everyone who could hear Steph’s voice.
He was the prophet who had brought warning of the coming invasion. As with
most prophets, few had believed his prophecy, and most had scorned and
ridiculed him. The haggard men and women on the assault boat, however, had
become true believers after coming face to face with the Kreelan nightmare.

“I think we’ll go back, then,” Mills said casually. “Shouldn’t leave a lad
like that go to waste. What say you, _sergent chef?_ ” he asked the ranking
Legion NCO standing next to him.

The man answered without hesitation. “ _Oui_. We go back.”

Nodding their heads in agreement, the other NCOs representing the 7th Cavalry
gave their support.

“This isn’t a fucking democracy,” the pilot told them hotly. “I’m the
commander of this boat, and we have orders to return to _Guadalcanal_. And
that’s what we’re-”

He froze as Mills smoothly raised his assault rifle and pressed the muzzle
against the pilot’s helmet. “Look, mate,” he said in a low voice, “the more
you flap those gums of yours the less time we have to pick up those fellows on
that ship back there. If you or your friend here,” he glanced at the copilot,
who was staring down the muzzle of a weapon held by one of the 7th Cav NCOs,
“utter one more word before you turn this tub around, I’ll blow your bloody
fucking head off. And please don’t make the mistake of thinking I won’t pull
the trigger.”

The pilot’s mouth worked for a moment, but in the end he decided that
discretion was the better part of valor. With a helpless, angry look at his
copilot, he turned back to the ship’s controls and turned them around.

Steph watched the starfield turn beyond the ship’s cockpit window, praying
that Ichiro was still alive.

* * *

Aboard _McClaren_ , a very one-sided battle raged in the passageways and
compartments of the stricken ship. While the crew fought bravely, they weren’t
trained as Marines. And without Ruiz and the others in their armored vacuum
suits, the Kreelan warriors held the advantage. The _McClaren’s_ crewmen were
killing the aliens, but not fast enough, and too many of the defending sailors
were dying in the process.

Sato’s team had managed to hold off the advance of the Kreelans who were
trying to come down the passageway his men and women were defending, but he
was suspicious: they hadn’t been trying as hard as he thought they might. His
sailors had killed three or four as they tried to force themselves around a
turn, but aside from occasionally peering out to see if the humans were still
there, they were staying put.

From the sounds coming from other parts of the ship, the same was clearly not
true. Sato had sent two men as runners to find the other teams and report what
was happening; neither had returned. The bark of automatic weapons and the
explosion of grenades echoed through the metal of the bulkheads and the deck,
clear indications of savage fighting.

Then he heard something that was at once familiar, and totally unexpected: the
distant mechanical _clank_ of docking clamps.

“Jesus,” one of the crewmen cried, “one of their ships has docked with us!”

“They couldn’t,” one of the others said. “The only airlock that’s left is the
auxiliary in the after engine room. They couldn’t dock with it.”

“They can do anything,” Sato whispered, more to himself than to the others, as
one of the Kreelans quickly peered around the corner, then darted back as she
was met with another fusillade of rifle fire; Sato’s team had already run out
of grenades.

He felt a change in the tempo of the fighting in the other parts of the ship,
mostly aft of where they were. “Engineering,” he said. “They’ve broken through
to engineering!” Turning to the senior rating, one of the ship’s computer
engineers, he said, “Take the team back to help DeFusco. If they take
engineering...” He didn’t bother finishing the sentence.

“Aye, aye, sir,” she said. “But what about you? You’re coming with us, aren’t
you?”

“No,” he said, shaking his head as he stood up and handed her what was left of
his ammunition. He dropped the empty rifle to the deck. “I’ll buy you a little
time.”

“But...”

“Go on,” he told her quietly. “Save our ship.”

Tears brimming in her eyes, the sailor turned and led the others back down the
passageway toward the thundering fight that was raging near the engineering
section.

Sato drew his _katana_ , then placed the lacquered scabbard carefully on the
deck. It would be destroyed with the rest of the ship when the enemy
overpowered the crew, but even in his final moments he would never dream of
treating it with disrespect by thoughtlessly casting it aside.

The _katana_ held confidently in his hands, he stepped forward into the
passageway to face the warriors awaiting him.

* * *

The first men and women to board the _McClaren_ were almost cut down by the
skeleton crew in engineering who expected nothing other than a flood of enemy
warriors, that they themselves had not yet seen in the flesh, to come
streaming through the airlock. They stared in open-mouthed surprise and wonder
at the ragged legionnaires and cavalrymen who quickly marched aboard.

“Heard you could use a bit of a hand,” Mills told a female engineer, a petty
officer, who looked to be in charge.

“Jesus,” DeFusco said, shaking her head. “I just don’t believe it.”

“Let’s get a move on, shall we? _Allez!_ ” Mills said, and the legionnaires
began to move to the forward end of the engine room, their weapons ready, the
cavalrymen right beside them. They didn’t need anyone to steer them through
the ship. They could clearly hear the sounds of the fighting going on, and did
as many soldiers have done through history: they marched toward the sound of
the guns.

“Get your people aboard,” Steph said, gesturing toward the waiting airlock.

“I can’t leave,” DeFusco told her bluntly. “I won’t leave the ship until we’ve
got everyone back.”

“Then get your people into the boat and wait by the airlock,” Steph told her,
knowing exactly how she felt. “We don’t have much time. I’ll stay with you in
case the Kreelans poke their heads in here.” She gestured with her rifle, and
DeFusco could tell she must have used it plenty already. The woman’s hands
were nearly black with dirt and residue from firing the weapon’s caseless
cartridges, and the rest of her wasn’t much better. She was a complete mess,
and judging from the sunken look of her eyes must have been running on nothing
but fumes.

“You’re that reporter woman, aren’t you?” DeFusco suddenly realized. “The one
that Lieutenant...I mean, Captain Sato was, um...”

Steph offered her a tired smile. “You can say it,” she said. “We were dating.
But _captain?_ And did he...did he make it?”

“Yes on both counts,” DeFusco said, a look of concern shadowing her face as
she hustled the remaining members of the engineering crew past her into the
waiting boat, “at least when I saw him last, leading a team forward to defend
the ship. A ship’s captain. And a damn good one, at that.”

* * *

Mills and the other soldiers didn’t have far to go to find the enemy. While
none of the men and women who now swarmed through the passageways out of
engineering and into what was left of the forward part of the ship had any
experience in shipboard fighting, it was close enough to urban combat, with
which most of them did have experience, that they adapted quickly. They also
had the advantages of surprise and weight of numbers.

As they reached the survivors of the crew’s defense teams, which were now down
to a handful of men and women, the soldiers sent them aft to the assault boat.

Then the legionnaires and cavalrymen began to mercilessly cut down the
boarders, blasting them into bloody pulp through sheer weight of fire from
their assault rifles.

* * *

Sato was ready. He was prepared to die and join the ghosts who still haunted
his dreams from the _Aurora_ , where part of his soul had been lost forever.
He had no regrets, save that he had never told Steph how much he really loved
her. He knew she would understand, and hoped with all his heart that she had
survived the disaster that had befallen the troops on the ground. He would
have given anything to be with her now, but he knew that wasn’t his destiny.

Four warriors stood before him in the passageway, having left their bulky
armored vacuum suits behind. Two stepped forward, their black armor and the
silvery blades of their weapons gleaming, while the others held back.

Standing in a ready position, his legs spread forward and back and bent
slightly, ready to spring, Sato held his sword in a two-handed grip, down low
on his right, the blade’s tip pointing diagonally toward the deck. He knew his
skills could not compare to the warriors he faced, but he would go down
fighting. His _sensei_ had given him that much.

That was what he thought up until the moment that the warriors, all of them,
knelt down before him.

* * *

Taylan-Murir was a well-seasoned warrior with skills and scars from the many
Challenges fought during her life. Like all others who had come here, save the
great priestess and the senior shipmistress of the fleet, she had fought many
for the honor to face the Empire’s latest enemy.

But _this_ honor was entirely unexpected. As she and her three sisters came
upon this particular group of human defenders, she sensed something in one of
the animals.

They had come upon the Messenger.

She and her sisters would not have been able to explain how they knew this,
for, as with many things for their ancient race, what once might have required
thought and understanding or visible technology to achieve now simply _was_.
He carried no mark, nor did she recognize his face, homely and pale as it was
to her eyes. But Taylan-Murir knew that this human was the Messenger as surely
as she knew her own name. So did her fellow warriors, and so, too, did every
member of the fleet - indeed, her entire race - as her Bloodsong echoed her
wonder and surprise. It was a great honor to be in the presence of a
Messenger, and it was forbidden to bring one to harm. Indeed, it was
unthinkable. Thus they had been careful to hold the humans at bay, but had not
pressed their attack for fear of harming him.

This Messenger, she knew, was different from all others who had come before in
her civilization’s half-million year history: he held a sword and clearly
understood how to use it, and to die by his hand would be a very great honor.

Trembling with pride, she and her sisters knelt before him, waiting for his
blade to fall.

* * *

“No,” Sato whispered as the Kreelans kneeled on the deck, their heads bowed in
respect as if he were a lord come to call. He knew this wasn’t just a
coincidence. It couldn’t be.

While most might have felt relief at such a reprieve, Sato felt a burning
anger that rose into a fiery rage. He wanted a chance to prove himself, to
take himself back to the sands of the arena where his shipmates from the
_Aurora_ had fought and died. He wanted to avenge their ghosts. “Get up!” he
shouted at them, not caring that they couldn’t understand his words. “ _Get on
your feet and fight!_ ”

The four warriors made no move, but were still as statues carved from the
deepest ebony.

Rushing forward to the first one, the one he took to be their leader, he
grabbed her by the arm and hauled her to her feet. “Fight me, damn you!” He
slammed the guard of his sword into her chest, knocking her back a step,
trying to force a reaction from her.

But she again sank to her knees, and never met his gaze.

With a roar of anger and frustration, he yanked her to her feet once more, and
put the blade of his sword to her throat above her collar and its glittering
pendants, the razor sharp blade drawing a line of blood. Grabbing her chin, he
forced her face up to look at his, and for a moment their eyes met. He knew he
couldn’t read her body language and expressions, but he had no doubt of what
he saw in those cat-like eyes that were at once totally alien, yet had a sense
of captivating beauty: pure, utter ecstasy, as if she were enjoying a high
from some alien drug.

He pressed the sword’s blade harder against her neck, deepening the wound, her
blood running over her collar and down her chest under the breast plate.
“Fight me,” he hissed once more.

She only sighed as she stood there, trembling not with fear, but with
pleasure, her weapon held loosely at her side, here eyes locked on his.

Finally, Sato let her go. The warrior sank to her knees, and then bowed her
head to the floor. He thought briefly about trying to provoke the others into
attacking, but knew it would be fruitless.

He also considered simply killing them, slicing through their necks with his
sword, just like he had practiced under his _sensei’s_ supervision, chopping
cleanly through targets of tightly woven fiber wound around a bamboo pole.
Tightening his grip on his _katana_ , he raised it over his head, preparing to
kill her.

But he couldn’t do it. He wanted to kill her, wanted to kill every last one of
her kind for what they had done, but not in cold blood. He felt his rage
dissipate like an ebbing tide, and the strength went out of his arms. Lowering
the sword to his side, he slumped to the deck on his knees in front of the
warrior, dispirited, empty.

Apparently intrigued by his refusal to kill her, she lifted her head from the
floor and again met his gaze.

“Are you Lieutenant Sato?” a voice with what could only be a British accent
whispered from behind him, pronouncing his rank as _leftenant_.

With a surprised start, Sato turned around to see a large soldier peering
carefully around the hatch coaming in the passageway behind him, aiming his
assault rifle at the aliens. He hadn’t heard anyone come up behind him.

“Yes,” he said. “Who the devil are you?” That was when Sato noticed that there
were no longer any sounds of fighting coming from the other parts of the ship.

“The cavalry, you might say, lieutenant,” Mills told him. “ _Soldat 1e Classe_
Roland Mills of the _Légion étrangère_ , at your service. Sent by one Miss
Stephanie Guillaume. And might I ask, sir,” he went on, “just what the devil
is going on here?”

Sato turned to look back at the warriors, who had taken absolutely no notice
of Mills or the other men who now spread out behind him, aiming half a dozen
assault rifles at the Kreelans. Their leader, blood still seeping down her
neck from the cut he had given her, still watched him with her strange feline
eyes, almost as if she were afraid or sad to see him go.

“I...don’t really know,” Sato told him honestly as he struggled to his feet,
suddenly overwhelmed by physical and emotional exhaustion. He felt Mills’
powerful hand take him under the arm to help him up, the big soldier smoothly
moving Sato behind him as the legionnaire kept the muzzle of his rifle pointed
at the lead Kreelan’s head.

Mills tensed to pull the trigger, but felt a hand on his arm, gently but
insistently pushing his rifle down.

“Leave them,” Sato said quietly. “Just leave them be.”

Pausing only to recover the scabbard for his sword, Sato headed back toward
engineering, Mills and another legionnaire covering his back. Just before he
turned the corner in the passageway, Sato glanced back to see that the
Kreelan, still on her knees, was staring after him.

* * *

As soon as she caught sight of him, Steph threw herself in Sato’s arms, not
giving a damn about military etiquette, protocol, or anything else. “Ichiro,”
was all she could say before their lips met. She kissed him hard, and he
returned every bit of her passion, holding her off her feet in a tight
embrace.

“Sorry to dampen the reunion,” Mills said, exchanging a tired grin with his
NCO, “but I think we’d best be off, lieutenant.”

Reluctantly letting go of Steph, Ichiro nodded. “Is everyone aboard the boat?”

“Yes, sir,” DeFusco answered, stepping forward to salute him.

He returned it with a smile. “Then let’s get the hell out of here.”

Following DeFusco and Steph, he and the two legionnaires stepped through the
auxiliary airlock into the boat, and Sato watched with sad but relieved eyes
as the hatch closed on his first, and probably his last, command.

* * *

Taylan-Murir and her three companions followed the Messenger and his escorts
to where the humans had left, no doubt from a boat that had come to rescue
him. She put a hand to her neck, feeling the sticky track of blood that had
now stopped flowing, and shivered at the memory of looking into his face as he
had held her at his mercy. Her fellow warriors were not jealous of her
experience, for they had sensed it in their own veins: the _Kreela_ were not
all of one mind, but they were bound in spirit. And what one sensed, the
emotions one felt, was a stream that fed the timeless river of the Bloodsong.

After pausing for a time where the humans had left the ship, they circulated
through the other compartments that were not in vacuum, gathering up what few
of their sisters who remained alive. They gave the last rites and ritual death
to those who were too severely injured to leave the ship, for there were no
healers here. They all had brought the Empress much honor this day, and their
deeds would be duly recorded in the Books of Time.

Once they were finished, the warriors again donned their vacuum suits and left
the ship, taking refuge in the nothingness of space high above the human-
settled world. Staying together in a group, they awaited the imminent arrival
of the second fleet they sensed that the Empress had sent forth to continue
the conquest of this world.

* * *

“Not that it’s a big surprise, but we’re not going to make it,” the boat’s
pilot said in a matter-of-fact voice as he watched the chronometer that had
been running, marking the time remaining until the carriers were to jump.

The copilot had been frantically trying to establish a laser link with the big
ships, but so far hadn’t had any luck. “There they are,” he said as the
carriers suddenly flashed onto the extreme edge of the boat’s tactical
display. “Okay, I’ve got a laser lock on _Guadalcanal_...”

The icons for the carriers suddenly disappeared from the screen.

“Oh, shit,” the copilot hissed.

“What’s wrong?” Sato asked him, leaning over his shoulder to see the display.
As the ranking Terran Navy officer, he now found himself in command again,
albeit of a much smaller vessel. After speaking with the legionnaires, he had
checked on Colonel Grishin, but he was barely lucid. If they didn’t get him to
a sickbay soon, he would die. Colonel Sparks was worse, his pulse weak and
erratic. He was bleeding badly internally, and while every soldier had basic
first aid skills, none were medics: all of them had been killed during the
running battle on the planet.

“The carriers jumped,” the pilot told him bitterly. “We’re stuck here.”

The soldiers and the survivors of _McClaren_ were disappointed, but not
surprised. The soldiers had known the risks of trying for a rescue, and had
taken them anyway. The crew of the _McClaren_ was grateful for even a few more
minutes beyond the reach of the enemy’s swords and claws.

“Well, that’s that, then,” Mills said with a sigh.

“Not quite,” Sato told him, looking out the window to starboard, where a
deadly dance of fireflies was taking place in the near space between the
planet and its moons: lasers and the flares of explosions as the human and
Kreelan fleets collided.


* Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Eight{{{1
  

  

  

  

**CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT**

  

_Ticonderoga_ shuddered as she took another hit from an enemy kinetic weapon,
and her hull screamed as an enemy laser raked her flank, vaporizing tons of
hardened steel alloy in an instant.

Tiernan and the rest of the flag staff did the only thing they could: they
held on tightly, strapped into their combat chairs, and prayed. There was no
point in giving orders: all semblance of cohesion in the fleet had vanished as
they had slammed headlong into the onrushing Kreelan warships. Half the laser
links had been lost in the snarling chaos of the battle, and effective control
was impossible.

The ships fought in a swirling pass-through engagement that was more like a
massive dogfight from the long-ago Second World War than a fleet space
engagement. But there had never been a fleet battle in space nearly as big as
this, and the reality of it had thrown half a century of modern naval thinking
out the window. Tiernan knew the Navy was going to have to start from square
one on tactics and strategy, because this enemy simply didn’t act human, for
the most obvious of reasons.

Cruisers and destroyers on both sides hacked away at one another in a knife
fight at ranges of hundreds of meters, using weapons that were designed for
combat at hundreds or thousands of _kilometers_. Kinetic guns ripple-fired
until their magazines were empty, sometimes sending an entire salvo into the
hull of an enemy vessel as it flashed by on an opposing course. Lasers slashed
across hull plating, vaporizing armor and often penetrating into the target
ship’s vitals, sending streams of air and doomed crew members into space.
Ships of both sides that were gutted and dying tried to ram the nearest enemy.
In a few cases, the ships survived the collision, with the crews fighting each
other hand to hand.

“Once our ships pass through the enemy formation,” Tiernan told his flag
communications officer, “they’re to jump out to the rendezvous point. We can’t
fight like this and hope to win without losing most of the fleet.”

“Admiral!” the fleet tactical officer called out, “ _Jean Bart_ is losing way
- she’s falling behind!”

Tiernan looked down at the vidcom and punched the control to ring up _Amiral_
Lefevre. There was a long pause before the system connected, the laser array
having to search through the cyclone of wildly maneuvering ships to find the
_Jean Bart_.

When Lefevre’s image at last appeared on Tiernan’s console, the Terran admiral
suppressed a grimace at his Alliance counterpart’s appearance. Lefevre’s face
was covered in blood from a deep gash that ran from above his left eye to his
left ear, and there was also a line of blood from the corner of his mouth. His
uniform was tattered and scorched. Behind him, the video monitor showed a
scene of chaos and smoldering devastation on the _Jean Bart’s_ flag bridge.

“ _Mon ami,_ ” Lefevre wheezed, a weak smile on his face, “I fear I will not
have the opportunity to beat you at a game of poker. Our ship is nearly
finished.”

“Sir, if one of your ships is unable to reach you, I’ll send a destroyer to
take you and your crew off-”

“No, _amiral_. You must not risk any more ships.” He paused, gathering his
breath as the _Jean Bart_ shook from another hit. “I am sure the fleet that is
here now is not all the enemy has. They would not send everything to invade
another system. They must have reserves. And if our two fleets are destroyed
here, our homeworlds will not be able to defend themselves.”

“I’m not sure it would matter, admiral,” Tiernan told him. “The Kreelans don’t
seem to care about their losses. Fighting like this, they could take Earth
with a fleet half this size.”

“Which is why you must save every ship that you can,” Lefevre emphasized. “The
loss of Keran will be a terrible tragedy. But if we lose Earth or any of the
other core worlds like La Seyne, we will lose the industrial capacity to
defend ourselves-”

In the background of the vidcom, _Jean Bart_ shook furiously as she took a
full broadside from an enemy warship, the impact sending Lefevre sprawling
from his combat chair.

The signal broke off.

Tiernan looked at his tactical officer, but didn’t have to ask the question:
the man’s expression told him what he needed to know. _Jean Bart_ and all
aboard her were gone.

“Contact every Alliance ship you can reach in this mess,” Tiernan ordered his
communications officer, “and let them know that we’re jumping out as soon as
we’re clear of this furball. I have no idea who may be senior after Lefevre,
but if they have any sense at all they’ll get the hell out of here.”

_Ticonderoga_ shuddered again, and more alarms sounded from the bridge.

* * *

Tesh-Dar stood in the burned-out clearing where so many warriors had been
killed by the small human ship when it had crashed. It was an irony of war
that the actions of a few of their fellow warriors, in reaching for glory for
the Empress in attacking the crew of the vessel, accidentally took many of
their sisters’ lives. At this, she grieved, but not as a human would
understand it: she did not lament the loss of their company in this life, for
even in death were they bound to Her will, and Tesh-Dar could yet sense their
spirits. She mourned their loss because they could no longer serve the Empress
in the most glorious conflict the Empire had seen in millennia, in what Tesh-
Dar had begun to think of as the Last War. The humans had proven themselves to
be worthy enemies, and they would be given many cycles to bleed among the
stars to see if one among them had blood that would sing.

Or so Tesh-Dar hoped. The knowledge that her race had only a few human
centuries left before it would die out in a single generation was a heavy
weight upon her soul. That all her species had accomplished in half a million
human years of civilization, and all the more that had been done in the last
hundred thousand since the founding of the Empire, would disappear into dust
and ash in an uncaring cosmos was a fate she dared not contemplate. Her great
fists clenched in anxiety at the thought, her ebony talons piercing the flesh
of her palms, drawing blood.

Pushing away her fears for the future, Tesh-Dar turned her attention back to
Li’ara-Zhurah. The young warrior had built a traditional funeral pyre for the
human female who had commanded the metal _genoth_ , just as the other warriors
had built similar pyres for their fallen sisters. She gathered the wood from
the nearby forest and stacked it precisely as custom demanded, often
staggering in pain. She would not let other warriors help her, nor would she
let the healers, who had been sent by the Empress from the Homeworld in an act
of will, their bodies materializing here out of thin air, treat her injuries.
The explosion of the human ship that had killed Li’ara-Zhurah’s human opponent
had nearly killed her, as well. A shard of metal, not unlike that which killed
the human warrior, had stabbed through Li’ara-Zhurah’s abdomen, and was still
lodged there. Tesh-Dar sensed the great pain she was in, but was more
concerned about her spiritual distress, the discord of her Bloodsong. It was
more than mere disappointment at not being able to claim victory over the
human after pursuing her so ardently. It was almost as if Li’ara-Zhurah had
lost her _tresh_ , one to whom she was bound for life as a young warrior. The
death of one’s tresh was one of the most traumatic events in the life of Her
Children, a time of great mourning.

Again Tesh-Dar tore herself away from such melancholy thoughts. They were
difficult to avoid, for while her race had conquered this part of the galaxy,
spreading across the worlds of ten thousand suns, their Way, the spiritual
path of their existence, was a difficult one.

She thought of the Messenger, and the curious twist of fate that had brought
him here. Knowing that he was on the tiny human ship that now approached the
still-raging battle in space, the warriors of the fleet knew that the craft
was not to be molested. Tesh-Dar could not directly assist him in returning
home, but the fleet would not interfere in any attempts to join with one of
the other human vessels now fighting for their lives.

* * *

Li’ara-Zhurah set the last bundle of wood in place. She fell to her knees for
a moment, the loss of blood from her wound taking its toll. She did not
understand the depth of her sense of loss over this human animal. The mourning
marks, where the skin of her face had turned black under her eyes, flowed as
if she had shed tears of ink. It was how her race displayed inner pain, unlike
the wetness she had seen streaming down the cheeks of some of the humans.
Including this one.

Waving away the warriors who came to assist her, she struggled to her feet,
willing her body to obey, controlling the pain with the discipline of many
cycles spent training in harsh conditions.

Steadying herself, she reached out a hand to touch the face of the human woman
who had sacrificed herself for the others, the cool flesh so alien to her
touch, yet so achingly familiar. Perhaps the creature was an echo of her own
soul, she thought. If so, then Li’ara-Zhurah had done well in honoring the
Empress.

Reverently, she took a lock of the human’s hair, cutting it cleanly with one
of her talons. She carefully placed it in the leatherite pouch at her waist.
It was traditionally used to carry trophies earned in combat, almost always a
lock of hair. These strands of light colored hair, too, were a trophy, but one
to remember and honor this human and those like her. They may not have souls
that could sing to the Empress, but their warrior spirit was no less than that
of Her Children.

Stepping back, she took the torch held out by one of the younger warriors.
Walking slowly around the pyre, she set the wood alight. Then she moved away
to the side, facing the rising flames, close enough that the heat nearly
scorched her face.

She did not feel the priestess’s arms fold around her as she collapsed into
unconsciousness.

* * *

“You’re out of your fucking mind, _sir!_ ” the pilot cried, looking at Sato
with wide, disbelieving eyes. “I don’t care if you monkeys stick a gun to my
head again, but we are not flying into the middle of a goddamn fleet battle.”

“If you want to get home, we have no choice,” Sato told him, too tired to
argue anymore. The fact of his own survival had come to feel like a millstone
around his neck. “The enemy won’t fire on us.”

“How do you know?” Mills asked, his voice carrying no trace of argument, only
curiosity.

“Because...” Sato struggled for words as he looked out the cockpit window, his
eyes lost in the glare and flash of hundreds of ships trying to destroy one
another. “Because for some reason I’m not to be touched.” He looked at Mills.
“They let me go from the _Aurora_ , and somehow that made me special to them.
I don’t understand how or why. But those warriors on the _McClaren_ recognized
me somehow. They let us go because of it. And I’m convinced that they know I’m
on this boat, and they won’t do anything to harm us. Besides,” he looked at
the pilot, who was staring at him as if he were a rabid dog, frothing at the
mouth, “we have no choice. Keran is lost, at least for now. If we want to
leave, we’ve got to link up with one of the fleet’s ships before they jump
out. And that’s going to be soon.”

The fleet battle was still on the edge of the boat’s sensor array, but Sato
could tell that Admiral Tiernan had suffered heavy losses. He would have no
choice but to jump out before the fleet was completely gutted. Sato knew that
the Kreelans could sustain the loss of the fleet they had sent here, which he
suspected had been “dumbed down” to the current level of human technology.
Otherwise they probably could have destroyed the human fleet with just one of
the gigantic ships that had met the _Aurora_.

“It’s our only chance,” Steph told the pilot. “I don’t want to go back to
Keran.” She tightened her grip on Sato’s hand as the sight of Coyle waving at
her as the boat lifted off rose again in her mind, unbidden.

The pilot and copilot exchanged glances. “Fuck,” the pilot said. “Why the hell
not. It wouldn’t be any more nuts than everything else that’s happened today.”

Ramming the boat’s throttles to the stops, he turned and accelerated toward
the cascade of explosions that marked the silent battle in space that was
rapidly drawing to its conclusion.

* * *

_Ticonderoga_ was streaming air from half a dozen hits that had penetrated her
armor, but she was still making full speed as she burst out the far side of
the Kreelan formation. There were other ships behind her, but not many:
Tiernan had ordered several of his heavy cruisers, including his flagship, to
turn and help a number of the Alliance ships that had run out of ready
ammunition and were being mercilessly hammered by the Kreelans. He had lost
two of his own cruisers, but saved nearly a dozen Alliance vessels. In the
massive butcher’s bill being rung up over Keran, he had to consider it a good
trade.

The enemy was already turning to consolidate and regroup for another attack,
but Tiernan had had enough. He knew it was time to fold. The war wasn’t over,
not by a long shot, but this battle certainly was.

“Stand by to jump,” he said stonily as the _Ticonderoga_ and two of her sister
ships blasted a Kreelan destroyer that had pursued them out of the swirling
engagement. Ahead of the flagship, most of the surviving ships had already
jumped out. He had given them very explicit orders to jump as soon as they
were clear. They would worry about regrouping at the rendezvous point.

“Sir,” the flag communications officer suddenly called, “there’s an assault
boat calling in a mayday. They didn’t make the rendezvous with their carrier.”

“We can’t risk stopping for them,” Tiernan told him. The words tore at his
heart, but he simply couldn’t risk it. The fleet had already bled far too
much.

“It’s Lieutenant Sato on the line, sir,” the communications officer told him
in the sudden silence of the flag bridge, the guns and alarms now quiet, the
bridge crew focused on the jump sequence.

Tiernan sucked in a breath through his teeth. He knew it was wrong to even
consider wavering in his decision simply because it was Sato: he knew that the
life of every other person aboard the boat was as precious.

But Sato was also a strategic asset. His knowledge and understanding of the
enemy had been critical leading up to the battle, and his insights into them
now might be even more so. On that basis, he convinced himself, and on that
alone, could he justify one more risk to the _Ticonderoga_ and her crew.

“Captain,” he called over the vidcom to the ship’s commander, who was busily
engaged in monitoring the jump sequence, “suspend the jump. We need to pick up
that assault boat.”

The captain blinked at him, then said crisply, “Aye, aye, sir,” before issuing
maneuvering orders to get to the boat before the Kreelans had a chance to
catch them.

As _Ticonderoga_ sped forward, the remaining Terran and Alliance ships jumped
out.

* * *

“I don’t believe it,” the pilot said, shaking his head in wonder. “
_Ticonderoga’s_ on her way to pick us up.” He looked back at Sato, who still
stared out the viewscreen. “You know, sir, you might be considered lucky if
you didn’t seem to attract so much trouble.”

Sato couldn’t help but smile. He had forgotten the pilot’s insubordination. He
had forgotten everything but the enemy, and those who had died fighting them.
More ghosts, but ones that now he could live with, that he could help avenge.

Steph stood next to him, her shoulder pressing against his side. He looked
down and saw her smile, her grimy, soot-covered face the most beautiful thing
in the universe at that moment.

_Ticonderoga_ was only a few minutes away when the second Kreelan fleet
arrived.

* * *

“Good, God!” someone exclaimed on the flag bridge as the tactical display
suddenly filled with new yellow icons that immediately began to turn an ugly
red.

“ _Enemy close aboard!_ ” Tiernan heard the ship’s tactical officer shout at
her captain. In the flag bridge’s main display, he could see half a dozen
Kreelan warships, all clearly heavy cruisers like _Ticonderoga_ , that had
materialized within tens of meters of the flagship. Even in the swirling fight
they had just been through, no ships had come that close. Every detail of the
sleek Kreelan warships was clear without any magnification as they slid
through space next to _Ticonderoga_ like the predators they were.

“Stand by to fire!” the captain called out.

“Belay that!” Tiernan ordered on an impulse. The cruisers surrounding
_Ticonderoga_ were among what must have been at least another hundred warships
that had just jumped in-system. And his flagship was right in the middle of
the formation. “If they were going to fire, they would have already,” he said,
not quite believing his own words, but hoping they were true.

“The boat’s approaching the starboard main airlock, sir,” the tactical officer
reported shakily, his eyes darting from ship to ship in the tactical display.
There was utter and complete silence on the bridge and flag bridge. The only
thing Tiernan could hear was the deep thrum of the ship’s drives.

“Get them aboard,” Tiernan ordered, “and then let’s get the hell out of here.”

* * *

“Come on, let’s go!” Sato told the others as he ushered them forward through
the airlock into the wounded cruiser. As soon as they had opened the hatch to
the ship’s main airlock, which opened directly to the passageway, since both
ships were pressurized, smoke streamed into the boat, along with a dozen of
the ship’s crewmen who had been sent to help.

“These men need to get to sickbay immediately,” Sato told the ship’s surgeon
and her brace of nurses and Marine medics. They quickly but carefully gathered
up Sparks, Grishin, Hadley, and the others, lifting them onto stretchers and
moving them quickly to sickbay.

“Lieutenant Sato?” one of the crewmen, an ensign, called. “The admiral wants
to see you right away, sir.”

Nodding, Sato told him, “As soon as my people are off this boat.” He stood
near the hatch, giving a pat on the back or a helping hand, whichever was most
needed, to the soldiers and sailors who streamed past.

Steph stood next to him, clutching her rifle to her chest. Not for fear of
anything on the _Ticonderoga_ , but for fear of what could happen any moment:
she and the others had seen the Kreelan warships jump in all around them, and
she knew they would be boarding at any second. Sato had assured her it
wouldn’t happen, but she wasn’t about to hand her rifle to anyone. And even
now, her battered and grimy video array was still recording.

“But sir,” the ensign protested, “the admiral said _right away_.”

“He can wait a couple minutes,” Sato said as he hustled his charges off.

In three minutes, everyone was off the boat. After a quick check of the little
ship’s cavernous interior to make sure they hadn’t left anyone behind, Sato
grabbed Steph by the hand and dashed through the airlock into _Ticonderoga_. A
crewman slapped the emergency disconnect control, and the airlock doors
slammed shut. Then the docking collar was released, and the assault boat fell
behind as the big cruiser pulled away.

Together, Sato and Steph ran after the ensign toward the flag bridge as
_Ticonderoga_ jumped to safety.

* * *

On Keran, watching as the healers tended to Li’ara-Zhurah’s wounds, Tesh-Dar’s
mind was simultaneously tens of thousands of kilometers away, her second sight
watching as the ships of the second fleet arrived. Her mind’s eye saw the
small vessel bearing the Messenger dock with one of the surviving human ships,
sailing bravely under the many guns of her Imperial consorts, and he was borne
to safety when the human ship jumped away.

She sighed in contentment, drawing her mind fully back to her body. She had
decided she would take Li’ara-Zhurah back to the _kazha_ , the school of the
Way, where Tesh-Dar was headmistress. For there could the injury to her soul
be mended.

Looking around her, she frowned at the devastation that the opening battle had
wrought. The Children of the Empress would have much preferred personal combat
without the use of such weapons as had been used this day, but the humans did
not understand. Tesh-Dar knew that they would try and develop greater weapons,
but hoped that someday they would see that it made little sense outside the
arena of space: there, yes, let the great ships fight on. But on the ground,
they would not be allowed to use much of what they had long taken for granted.
She shrugged inwardly. They would learn. They had no choice.

“She is ready, my priestess,” one of the healers told her, head bowed as she
gestured toward Li’ara-Zhurah, who still lay unconscious.

Tesh-Dar bowed her head in thanks as she knelt and picked up Li’ara-Zhurah in
her arms, an easy burden to her great body, but one that yet troubled her
soul. With one last look at the human’s funeral pyre, its flames rising high
in the smoke-filled sky, Tesh-Dar closed her eyes as the power of the Empress
surged through her, bending the laws of space and time to return the two of
them to the Homeworld.

* * *

Aboard the _Ticonderoga_ , now safely away in hyperspace, Admiral Tiernan
turned at the sudden commotion at the entrance to the flag bridge.

“Lieutenant Sato, reporting as ordered, sir.” Ichiro stood at rigid attention,
holding a perfect salute for the admiral. Beside him stood Steph, still
clutching her rifle.

“Lieutenant,” Tiernan said, returning the younger man’s salute. “Miss
Guillaume.” He was quiet for a moment as he looked at the two of them. Their
uniforms (as an embed, Steph wore one, but without any rank) were filthy and
torn, and their faces and hands were no better. “I take it that it was you who
took _McClaren_ up against those Kreelan ships that went after the carriers,”
he said to Sato.

“Yes, sir,” Sato told him. “Captain Morrison was killed soon after...soon
after he destroyed the Alliance troopship and we were hit. I was the senior
surviving officer. I...did the best I could, sir, but...I lost my ship.”

Tiernan saw the young officer’s eyes mist over with a kind of grief that the
admiral understood all too well. He saw Steph take Sato’s hand and grip it
tight.

“Son,” Tiernan said, stepping closer and putting a hand on Sato’s shoulder, “I
lost a lot of ships today, and a lot of good men and women. You may have lost
your ship, but you saved the carriers and their crews, and the soldiers from
the planet. That’s not a bad day’s work for any ship’s captain.” He offered
Sato a proud smile. “You and your crew did a damned fine job, Ichiro. A
_damned_ fine job.”


* Epilogue
Epilogue{{{1
  

  

  

**EPILOGUE**

****  

President McKenna sat in a room deep in the heart of the presidential complex.
It was surprisingly small and unassuming, considering the importance of the
conversations that took place around the oval table at its center.

With her sat Minister of Defense Joshua Sabine, Admiral Tiernan, General
Singh, and Secretary of State Hamilton Barca. General Sharine Metz, commander
of the Terran Aerospace Defense Force, was also present. Metz was still angry
that her service had been unable to participate in the defense of Keran, but
part of her couldn’t help but be relieved after hearing of the losses the
other services had suffered.

This was the first unofficial debriefing that had been called by the president
upon the fleet’s return. The summary of the battle that Tiernan delivered had
been more than sobering.

“So, you lost a third of your ships, admiral,” McKenna said, looking at the
room’s display screen and the brutal list of losses it showed in stark text.

“Yes, Madam President,” Tiernan said tightly. He was ready for the axe to
fall. While the inevitability of being relieved had eaten at him like acid, he
knew there was far more at stake than just his career or his pride. Had he
been in McKenna’s shoes he would not have hesitated to cashier an officer who
had lost a full third of his fleet. The president had given him very strict
instructions that he was not to sacrifice his fleet as a fighting force, but
that’s essentially what he had done when he and Lefevre had decided to go
after the Kreelan force in high orbit. He had been appalled at how many ships
were missing when _Ticonderoga_ arrived at the rendezvous point. He had taken
a high stakes gamble and lost.

She fixed him with her gaze, and the others in the room suddenly found other
things to look at. They knew what was coming, too.

But, as she had on other occasions, McKenna surprised them. “Under the
circumstances, Admiral, you and your crews did an amazing job,” she told him.
“I would have expected you to have lost far more of the fleet. And had you
been given the ships and resources we had originally planned on, I suspect the
battle might have gone a bit more in our favor.”

Tiernan blinked, taken completely off-balance. “Ma’am, I’ve already prepared
my resignation and retirement papers,” he said automatically, as if he hadn’t
heard a word she had just said. He had practiced this conversation so many
times on the trip home that his brain simply hadn’t caught up with the
reality.

“I don’t think that will be necessary, admiral,” Sabine, his direct boss, told
him with a smile. “The president and I are of one mind on this. The losses
suffered by the expeditionary force were extremely heavy. No one can dispute
that. But you, and General Ray’s troops in the ground battle, carried out the
spirit of the president’s orders.”

“You might have been able to preserve more of your ships had you pulled out of
the system before the final engagement with the Kreelan fleet,” McKenna told
him, “but that would have left our relations with the Alliance in a shambles.
I’ll say this only in this room, and it is never to be repeated: as great a
tragedy as losing Keran might be, it is one we could diplomatically and
politically afford in terms of Earth’s standing in the human sphere. But we
could not afford to leave the Alliance fleet hanging. That would have been an
unmitigated disaster in this situation. Admiral,” she told him, “I want you to
know that the sacrifice of your ships and crews, and the sacrifice of General
Singh’s troops, was not in vain.”

As if on cue, the door opened quietly and one of her aides poked his head in.

“He’s here, Madam President,” he said.

“Show him in, please.” McKenna watched her companions as they all looked
toward the door, curiosity evident on their faces.

Ambassador Laurent Navarre of Avignon stepped into the room, and the others
came to their feet in surprise. All but President McKenna, of course.

“Mr. Ambassador,” Barca said, taking Navarre’s hand, “what a pleasant
surprise.” With a slight but unmistakeable emphasis on the last word, he
glanced over his shoulder at the president, who remained silent.

“Please, Hamilton,” Navarre told him as he took the big man’s hand and shook
it, “you may blame me for the cloak and dagger antics. I specifically
requested that President McKenna keep my presence here a secret, even from
you.”

“Especially from me, you mean,” Barca told him with a smile as Navarre shook
the hands of the others.

“Madam President,” he said as he came to McKenna. She stood, and he took her
hand and kissed it. “Always a great honor.”

“The honor is all mine,” she told him, smiling despite herself at the man’s
charm. _You can take the Frenchman out of France_ , she thought, _but you
can’t take France out of the Frenchman_. “But I have to admit we’re all
curious about the, as you put it, ‘cloak and dagger antics.’”

“Yes,” he said heavily as he waited until she had regained her seat, then sat
down with the others around the table. He glanced at the information on the
wall display, but only briefly. What it showed came as no surprise to him. “I
come unofficially as a representative of the Alliance,” he told them. “I am
here so soon because my government arranged for a series of couriers to relay
news as quickly as possible. Very expensive, but in this case a bargain.” He
licked his lips, clearly upset about what he had to tell them. “Madam
President, my friends, the Alliance is in a state of near-panic. As you know,
the fleet led by _Amiral_ Lefevre was the greater part of our space combat
power, and the ground divisions that were lost on Keran were our best troops.
The opposition in the parliaments of every planet of the Alliance is calling
for a vote of confidence against the Alliance Prime Minister, saying that the
current government has left the entire Alliance open to alien invasion.”

“But the opposition parties were the strongest proponents of sending the fleet
in the first place!” Tiernan blurted, looking at Barca, who was shaking his
head, not in disbelief, but in disgust. The opposition’s reaction came as no
surprise to him.

“Too true, _amiral_ ,” Navarre said, “but they are equally free to blame the
current government for any disasters. And what happened to _Amiral_ Lefevre’s
fleet and the ground forces can only be considered a disaster. The greatest
defeat in a single battle, perhaps, since Napoleon’s defeat at Waterloo.”

“How many ships did you lose?” McKenna asked.

“Lefevre sailed with just over one hundred and fifty warships, including half
a dozen resupply ships,” he told her, the pain of Lefevre’s loss clearly
written on his face. “Only fifty-seven returned, most of them damaged. And all
ten ground divisions were virtually wiped out, although the _Légion étrangère_
suffered the worst: of the twenty combat regiments deployed to Keran, only a
few hundred legionnaires survived.”

“It wasn’t just about the numbers,” Tiernan interjected. “We did the right
thing, making a stand there and not just letting the enemy walk in with their
swords swinging. Even with the second fleet the Kreelans sent in at the end,
if we had only had a few dozen more ships and a better idea of what to expect
before we went in, I think we might have been able to hold them off. Our two
fleets worked extremely well together, even without tightly linked command and
control.”

“No one would agree with you more than me, _amiral_ ,” Navarre reassured him.
“And that, truly, brings us to why I am here.” He looked at the faces around
the room, his gaze finally settling on the president. “The Alliance Prime
Minister would like to establish a new government, an interplanetary
government that goes beyond the Francophone worlds, beyond the existing
_Alliance Française_.”

“Earth constituencies would never agree to become part of the Alliance,” Barca
interjected, shaking his head. “No matter how much sense it may make. We went
through hell years ago just to form the planetary government.”

“You misunderstand, _mon ami_ ,” Navarre corrected him gently. “What we
propose is the formation of a completely new interplanetary government, a
confederation of all humanity, if you will, based on the original principles
of the Human Sphere Defense Agreement proposal. In the aftermath of Keran, all
of the planetary prime ministers of the Alliance support this, although in
secret - for now. We believe that if Earth and the _Alliance Française_
formally unite, other planetary governments will follow suit.” He paused.
“Especially once word of the Keran disaster reaches all the governments. There
is likely to be an interstellar panic, and we must avoid it as much as
possible, and concentrate our efforts on building up our defenses.”

“Ambassador,” Tiernan interjected, “with all due respect, before the
deployment to Keran we couldn’t even get your government to accept or even
consider, even though it was _gratis_ , critical hardware and software that
would have helped our fleets work together.”

“I assure you,” Navarre told him, “that situation no longer pertains, _mon
amiral_. Let me put it to you plainly: both the planetary and Alliance
governments - majority and opposition, both - are terrified. And with good
reason. We stand no hope of defending ourselves unless we can rebuild our
fleet, and quickly. And a unified government with Mankind’s homeworld right
now makes a great deal of political sense.” He gave them an ironic grin. “Fear
opens many doors that before were firmly shut.”

“It’s going to be a hard sell to the Terran Congress,” Barca told her.

“No, it won’t,” the president said coldly. “I’ve assured every member of
Congress who voted against the appropriations bills for the expeditionary
force that I’ll make sure every human being on this planet knows that they
were against building the fleet that might have saved Keran and held the
Kreelan menace at bay. I don’t expect this lovely honeymoon to last long, but
for now we can count on a great deal of support from Congress. Right now
they’re tripping over themselves to build out our original appropriations,
more than tripling the size of the _original_ fleet we wanted to build over
the next three years. Assuming we have that long.” She turned back to Navarre.
“But there will be problems setting up a government such as you propose, the
same ones that killed the Human Sphere Defense Agreement proposal.”

“Namely,” Barca said, “who runs the show, and how to keep the leadership
position from becoming a political plum for the ‘haves’ in the eyes of the
‘have-nots.’”

“We have a solution for that much of it, I believe,” Navarre said. “We propose
that the new government’s leader - president or prime minister - should be
nominated from Earth alone. Earth has the greatest industrial capacity of any
single planet in the human sphere, and, despite the differences among the
various planetary governments, it is a symbolic home to us all. This will not
be a hard sell, as you say, in the current climate. The Alliance will need
some concessions, of course, but on that point agreement has already been
made.” He turned to President McKenna and smiled. “Madam President, I believe
you may be in for a promotion.”

“Now that we’ve sorted out that minor detail,” Tiernan said quietly, an
uncharacteristically worried expression on his face, “we only have one other
thing to worry about.” The others turned to him with questioning looks.
“Where, and when, are the Kreelans going to strike next?”

* * *

Colonel Sparks was still in a great deal of pain from his injuries, but it
paled in comparison to the sorrow he had endured in the weeks before he was
able to bull his way out of the hospital. He had spent the time writing
letters, by hand with pen and paper, from dawn until dusk, to the kin of his
dead soldiers. Two thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, all told. Most of
the letters had been brief; some had not. All of them had been heartfelt.
Sparks was in many ways a hard and difficult man, but his soldiers were his
family, and he refused to rest until he had reached out and touched the family
or loved ones, or in some cases simply a friend, of every man and woman who
had died under his command. He had written letters for all of them. All but
one.

Among all the 7th Cavalry troopers who had made their final stand on Keran,
there was one to whom they all owed their very lives. Standing now at the
front porch of an old-style farm house surrounded by acres of golden wheat, in
what had once been the American state of Iowa, he knocked on the sturdy but
time- and weather-worn front door. In the window next to the door hung a small
flag with a white background and red trim around the edges. In the center was
a single gold star.

Sparks wore his dress blues, which as fate would have it was of a design
loosely based on the uniform worn by cavalrymen when horses were the standard
mode of transportation. Today there were no spurs, no flamboyant cavalry
officer’s hat. But there was a sword, held reverently in his white-gloved
hands.

With him stood Sergeant Hadley, also wearing his dress blue uniform, and
Stephanie Guillaume in a trim black dress. She wasn’t here as a journalist,
over the vehement protestations of her editor, who went ballistic at her
snubbing what he had claimed was a once-in-a-lifetime human interest story.
Steph knew that this would hardly be the only opportunity for someone who
wanted to follow a story like this: the war would be filled with countless
opportunities to report on stories of personal tragedy. She was here purely
out of respect for a woman she had known only a very brief time. And to give
her thanks to someone she had never met.

After a moment, movement could be heard inside. The door opened, swinging
inward on well-oiled hinges. A man in his early fifties, as sturdy and
weather-worn as the door to the house, looked out at them through the screen
door.

“Mr. Coyle?” Sparks said, trying to force his voice to be clear. But despite
his best efforts, his throat had choked up on him.

The man blinked at the uniforms, and then said quietly, cocking his head
toward the flag with the gold star hanging in the window, “The Army already
notified us.”

“I understand that, sir,” Sparks told him. “I was Patty’s commander. I was
only released from the hospital today, or I would have come to deliver the
news myself.”

“Who is it, John?” said a woman’s voice from deeper in the house. Her face
appeared beside her husband, and Steph could barely hold back her tears. Like
her husband, the woman was in her fifties, and time hadn’t treated her kindly.
But her face was unmistakably that of her daughter.

“I’m Colonel James Sparks, ma’am,” Sparks said through the screen door. “Your
daughter, Patty, was under my command when she...when she died.” He bit his
lip, trying to stave off his own tears. He had delivered the news of the
deaths of his men and women to many other parents and loved ones, but for some
reason this was different. “This is Sergeant Jason Hadley and Miss Stephanie
Guillaume,” he went on, introducing his companions. “We wanted to come by and
pay our respects to you and your husband. The other soldiers of the
regiment...well, they all wanted to come, but I figured it had best be just a
few of us. I know this must be a terribly difficult time for you, but your
daughter...your daughter was a very special woman. A very special soldier.”

John Coyle just stood there staring at them, saying nothing.

Gently pushing past her husband, she opened the screen door. “I’m Elaine,” she
told him. “Please, colonel, do come in.” As she led them in, passing by her
husband, she told Sparks in a quiet voice that echoed her own pain, “I
apologize for my husband, colonel. Patty was always his little girl, even
after she joined the Army. And he...he hasn’t been able to grieve for her.
He’s still in shock, and I worry about him. I don’t know that he’s really
accepted that she’s gone.”

Inside the house, sitting in the living room, Mrs. Coyle offered them
something to drink, but they all declined. She sat down beside her husband on
a sofa that, like them, had seen better times than these.

“We already know she’s dead,” John Coyle said woodenly.

“I know that, sir,” Sparks told him, holding his gaze steadily. “I didn’t come
here to tell you that she died. I simply wanted to tell you about how she
lived. How she saved hundreds of her fellow soldiers. Had it not been for your
daughter, not a single one of the soldiers of my regiment, including the three
of us, would have made it home alive. Us and the survivors of two regiments of
the Alliance Foreign Legion. She saved us all.”

Elaine Coyle had her arm around her husband’s shoulders, and she nodded
appreciatively at what Sparks was saying. Her eyes misted over, but she had
come to grips with Patty’s death.

John Coyle simply stared at the coffee table.

“I realize that it’s no consolation, but your daughter is being submitted for
a Medal of Honor,” Sparks went on. “Lord knows she earned it.

“But I have something more personal I wanted to give you to honor her memory.”
He held out the saber he had brought, an exact duplicate of the one he had
fought with and lost on Keran. Every bit of the sword and its scabbard had
been polished until it gleamed. “This is a cavalry saber, the very same as
those last used by the horse soldiers of the 7th Cavalry Regiment centuries
ago. Like me, it’s an anachronism, but it’s the most fitting thing an old
cavalryman could think of to represent your daughter’s spirit and
determination.”

Elaine smiled uncertainly as she made to take the weapon, but suddenly her
husband reached out to grasp it, taking the scabbard in both hands. He held
the sheathed sword in his lap and stared at it, running a hand along its
glossy surface.

Then, for the first time since being told about his daughter’s death, the
tears came. Cradling the saber as if it were his little girl so many years
ago, yet only yesterday, John Coyle wept with grief.

* * *

On La Seyne, Emmanuelle Sabourin saw the news about the formation of a new
interplanetary government, the Confederation of Humanity, that would bring
together the Alliance with Earth, and any other worlds that wanted to join for
mutual protection against the Kreelan menace.

Sitting in a café on a side street in the capital city of Rouen, sipping at a
cup of strong coffee, she watched the reaction of the people around her as the
news was broadcast over the planetary web. Most, she saw, were happy about the
news. It gave them some hope that humanity might have a chance against the
aliens.

Of that, Sabourin was not so sure. She herself should not have been here,
relaxing like a tourist. She should be dead with the rest of the crew of the
_Jean Bart_. But in an ironic twist of fate, when _Amiral_ Lefevre was
distributing the Terran Marines among the Alliance ships, someone had
miscounted and the team earmarked for one of the destroyers was short by two
people. Sabourin had volunteered to go with them. Emotionally drained as she
had been, she wasn’t about to sit by and leave one of their ships with a weak
ability to defend itself against the horrid boarders. As fate would have it,
the destroyer, while damaged by enemy fire, had managed to survive the last
frantic engagement and had jumped to safety.

What caught her eye in the news report was the proposal to formally merge the
combat forces of all constituent planets into a unified Confederation
military, including a navy, ground forces (which people had begun to talk
about as a Territorial Army), an aerospace arm, and a marine force that would
fight from the ships of the fleet as the Terran Marines had at Keran. As she
herself had. The report said that the new Confederation Marine Corps (the name
had not been officially blessed, as the new government did not technically
exist) was in desperate need of any personnel with combat experience to help
train the wave of volunteers that was flooding into military recruiting
centers across Earth and the Alliance worlds.

Sabourin only considered the thought as long as it took her to finish her
coffee. Then she picked up her satchel and headed down the street toward the
naval headquarters building where she had been temporarily posted. Her new
commander had told her in no uncertain terms that she could have whatever
assignment she wanted. But she had been unable, unwilling, perhaps, was more
accurate, to decide on what her next posting should be.

Until now.

* * *

_Sergent Chef_ Roland Mills felt very conspicuous wearing the red ribbon of
the _Légion d'honneur (Commandeur)_ on his uniform as he strode off the Earth-
orbit shuttle from Africa Station onto the tarmac at the newly renamed
Confederation Marine Corps Headquarters at Quantico in what was once the
United States. The _Légion d'honneur_ was the highest award the Alliance had
for gallantry in the face of the enemy, much as the Medal of Honor was for the
Terran military forces. Precious few legionnaires had won it in recent
history, and few of those had been awarded a class higher than _Chevalier_.
The reason Mills felt self-conscious about it was that he really had no other
decorations to speak of, other than a couple of deployment medals. The bright
red ribbon blazed from the drab camouflage of his battle uniform.

He was among the advance party, led by Colonel Grishin, sent by the Legion to
coordinate its incorporation as a regiment in the new Marine Corps. Mills knew
that the bureaucratic battles fought to keep the Legion as a separate entity
had been every bit as fierce in their own way as the Battle for Keran, as it
was now known. But in the end the Legion’s leadership had been given a simple
choice: become part of the new Marine Corps and continue to fight as an elite
unit, or be dismantled and absorbed into the new Territorial Army formations
that were being formed for homeland defense on every planet that was planning
to join the nascent Confederation Government.

Faced with such an ultimatum, and after suffering the near-total loss of every
single existing combat regiment, they had chosen for the Legion to become part
of the Corps.

Mills shook hands with the greeting party, a group of Marines who, like him
and most of the other legionnaires present, were veterans of Keran. But the
term “veteran” was relative: none of the Marines here had actually fought the
enemy, while Mills and the other legionnaires had seen more than their fair
share of combat against the Kreelans. The Marines - _the_ other _Marines_ ,
Mills corrected himself - were eager to make up for that shortcoming, and
wanted to take advantage of the legionnaires’ experience.

As with nearly everyone he had met who knew what had happened on Keran, the
very first thing they wanted to hear about was the famous hand-to-hand battle
Mills had fought against the huge Kreelan warrior.

Mills had always thought that telling the tale would get easier over time
through sheer mindless repetition of his greatest adrenalin rush. But it
hadn’t. It had only gotten more difficult with every telling. He had never
been one to have nightmares, but after returning home the warrior began to
haunt his dreams. More often than not, he woke in a cold sweat, breathing as
if he had run a marathon, with the memory of her snarling blue face and ivory
fangs fading like an afterimage in his eyes. He was smart enough to know that
he was suffering from post-traumatic stress, but he was too proud to seek
counseling. He also knew that the Legion and the Corps needed him and those
like him who had survived, and there simply wasn’t time to waste kibitzing
with a head doctor. And he would lose any chance he might have to go back into
combat. Of that, more than anything else, was he afraid.

As he began to tell his latest group of eager listeners of his exploits, he
put his hands on his thighs under the table so no one could see how badly his
tightly clenched fists were shaking.

* * *

Lieutenant Amelia Cartwright, now an officer of the Terran (soon to be
Confederation) Navy, sat in the pilot’s chair of the recently commissioned
military courier _Nyx_. Her hands tensed on the controls as the navigation
computer went through its litany of announcements prior to the ship’s
reemergence into normal space. This would be the sixth mission she had flown
in as many weeks from a support ship that had been positioned roughly a day’s
jump from Keran: far enough to hopefully avoid detection by Kreelan ships in
the system, yet close enough to minimize the travel time for the couriers.

The design of the _Nyx_ and her sisters emphasized speed and maneuverability
above all else, and they were being used to monitor what was happening to
Keran. The news they brought back was increasingly grim.

Any hopes the human sphere had of retaking Keran any time soon, if ever, had
quickly been dispelled after the first few reconnaissance missions had
returned. Keran was being transformed with frightening rapidity. While the
changes being made appeared to be compatible with human life, the fundamental
features of the planet were being reshaped by alien hands. The atmosphere was
being altered with a combination of compounds that gave it a slight magenta
hue. On the ground, large areas of the planet’s deserts were turning dark, as
if they were being transformed into black seas whose composition eluded every
attempt at analysis.

It was increasingly difficult to ascertain the fate of Keran’s people, but
everyone expected the worst. Every reconnaissance mission brought back fewer
and fewer recordings of transmissions from the surface, and every single one
of them was a cry of agonizing despair. The Kreelans were killing them. All of
them. As best anyone had been able to piece together, the aliens herded groups
of them into arenas built for the purpose, to fight and die exactly as the
crew of _Aurora_ had. Men, women, children: it made no difference. They were
forced to fight, and if they didn’t, they were simply killed. Humanity was now
in a war for survival, and the loser would become extinct.

“Standby for transpace sequence,” the navigation computer purred. Cartwright
had programmed a very close emergence this time, using the data from her last
jump to refine the coordinates. It would be right on the theoretical edge of
where the planet’s gravity well would pose a major danger during their
reemergence.

As the computer counted down the last seconds, Cartwright wondered how many
ships would be in-system this time. The average had been a hundred ships,
about half of them cruisers and the rest destroyers. What no one had been able
to figure out was how the Kreelans were managing to change the planet so
quickly without having a huge number of ships hauling in the necessary
materials and machinery. It was as if they were simply doing it by magic. And
that wasn’t possible. Was it?

“...three...two...one,” the computer said. “Normal space emergence.”

Hyperspace dissolved into a panorama of the deepest black, and where Keran
should be was...

“Holy Mother of God,” Sid, now a lieutenant, junior grade in the Navy,
breathed beside her.

The surface of Keran, the outlines of its continents where land met the sea,
had changed. The deserts that had been turning dark were now gone, replaced by
plains of grass. The ship’s telescope array hunted the unfamiliar landscape
for the major cities. Even during the last mission, they had still been
clearly visible, even as burned out scars in the landscape. Now...they were
gone, erased as if they had never existed.

“Jesus,” Cartwright whispered. “How is this possible?”

“I don’t know,” Sid told her, his eyes wide, frightened by the changes in the
planet below. “And it looks like they have more ships.”

The tactical display showed nearly two hundred ships in near-Keran space and
around its moons. The ship’s telescope array took images of them, as well. As
with the planet’s deserts earlier, both moons were being consumed by a sea of
blackness, some unknown and unfathomable material that denied its secrets to
human science.

“Just a suggestion,” Sid told her tightly as _Nyx_ sped ever closer to the
planet and the warships sailing around it, “but wouldn’t it be a good idea to
jump out?”

“Not yet,” she said, adjusting the ship’s course minutely. “I want to get all
the data we can. Are you picking up any signals?” On previous missions, they
had always been able to contact someone on the surface.

Sid didn’t answer her right away as he worked the ship’s instruments. After a
few precious minutes, he said, “Nothing. Not a goddamn thing.”

They shared a glance, then looked back at the globe of the planet, now alien
and forbidding. Cartwright’s hands clenched as she fought to keep her emotions
under control. She knew that there were most likely still survivors on the
planet, fleeing or fighting for their lives. But during the last
reconnaissance mission they had picked up _hundreds_ of different
transmitters, radio and laser-links. Now there was nothing but shattering
silence. Survivors there might yet be, but the silence on the airwaves told
how effective the Kreelans had been in hunting them down.

_Nyx_ flew onward for another minute, then two, when half a dozen of the
cruisers that were headed to intercept her were almost close enough to fire.

“Time to go, boss,” Sid reminded her.

“Yeah, I guess so,” Cartwright said grudgingly as she hauled the ship around
in a tight chandelle turn.

Five long minutes later they reached their jump point, and _Nyx_ disappeared
into hyperspace.

* * *

Tesh-Dar stood upon the central dais of one of the arenas on this, the newest
world to be claimed for the Empire. Reshaping this planet was a a reflection
of the compulsion of her race to bend the universe to their will. It was not
for want of more living space: the Empire was so vast that Tesh-Dar could have
traveled most of her life in the swiftest of starships, and still not reached
from one far frontier to the other. The Empire spanned ten thousand suns and
even more planets. When there had been need of a world for a particular
purpose, or in a particular place as suited the Empress, often as not the
builders had simply created it. Such was the power of Her Children.

But her race lived and breathed for battle. And here on this planet, in this
arena, the final battle was being fought, pathetic though it had become. A
brace of her warriors, using only the weapons they had been born with, faced
off against the last human survivors. They had been very adept at evading
their hunters, but at last Tesh-Dar had called an end to the game. Great
wheels were turning in the heart of the Empire, and this first great combat
between humans and Her Children was to be brought to a final ending.

The humans before her were dirty and starving. A ten of males and half as many
females were all that remained of the planet’s original population. In the
many matches Tesh-Dar had watched as the humans had been sacrificed to the
demands of the Way of her people, she had seen many fight bravely; some had
clearly cried for mercy, of which there was none; others stood with what she
admired as a quiet dignity, refusing to fight, until they at last were
painlessly put to death. None were tortured or forced to endure pain beyond
what was experienced in battle in the arena. Tesh-Dar understood the concept
of cruelty, but did not believe it applied to her people. Their Way was
extraordinarily difficult, and death came all too easily. But pain was never
inflicted needlessly, or as an end unto itself.

One by one, the humans fell to her warriors. But these humans, the last upon
this planet, did not give up, and did not surrender. They fought to the last,
and died with honor.

* * *

In the capital city on his home planet of Nagano, Commander Ichiro Sato
ignored the veiled stares he received as he made his way along a crowded
street that led to his childhood home. He wore his dress black uniform, which
made him stand out even more among the dour salarymen in cheap suits and the
women in colorful kimonos, eyes downcast, who streamed past him. Around his
neck he wore the Terran Medal of Honor, the only one to be granted for the
battle of Keran that wasn’t posthumous. He hadn’t known most of those who had
received “The Medal,” as it was often called. But his own decoration served to
remind him of the one he had: Gunnery Sergeant Pablo Ruiz. Sato’s
recommendation to award Ruiz The Medal had been taken up-chain almost without
comment, followed by Silver Stars for bravery in the face of the enemy for
every man and woman of _McClaren’s_ Marine detachment. Ensign, now Lieutenant,
Bogdanova and Senior Chief Petty Officer DeFusco also wore Silver Stars, and
every single survivor of the _McClaren_ had received at least a Bronze Star.
They had all earned it. And more.

Walking beside him, Stephanie held an exquisitely wrapped gift. She and Sato
had spent nearly an hour getting the wrapping just so. She had thought it a
fun but ultimately wasteful use of time, until he explained how important the
wrapping of a gift was in Nagano’s culture, and that it was as important as
the gift itself.

And the gift? Two fresh pineapples in a box. She had laughed at him when he
had first suggested it, but he was completely serious. “Listen, I know you
don’t believe this,” he had told her, “but this is perfect! She absolutely
loves pineapple, and they’re almost impossible to get on Nagano. My uncle
managed to get some a few times - that’s where she first tasted it - but he
must have paid a fortune.”

“She,” of course, was his mother, whom he hadn’t seen since he had left for
the Terran Naval Academy. Steph had suggested some gorgeous jewelry, but he
only shook his head. “She doesn’t wear any.” It was hard for Steph to conceive
of any woman not wanting to wear jewelry, but she had let it ride and trusted
Ichiro’s advice. He hadn’t steered her wrong yet.

A few weeks before, they had both been at the commissioning of the first of
the new shipyards that were being built in Earth orbit, where the keels of a
dozen new warships were being laid down in a fast-build program that would
have the new ships undergoing their first space trials in three months. One of
them, the heavy cruiser _Yura_ , would be Ichiro’s to command.

The ceremony had been held on Africa Station, which, like the other orbital
transfer points, was being radically enlarged to accommodate more traffic.
While most of the attention had been riveted on the massive yards and the
ships that were even now beginning to take shape, Sato had spent a
considerable part of the ceremony staring out at the hulk of the _Aurora_ ,
which rode quietly at anchor in the original space dock. The Navy had decided
that she would never sail again, and would eventually be broken up. Part of
him would have exchanged his new heavy cruiser for the old _Aurora_ in an
instant; another part was horrified at the thought of ever again setting foot
on her decks.

Despite the maudlin thoughts about his old ship amid the martial pomp of the
commissioning ceremony for the shipyards, the gathering on Africa Station was
also one of joy: to a great deal of well-wishing and cat-calling, he and Steph
announced their engagement and plans to marry. After returning from Keran,
they quickly came to the conclusion that they were meant for each other. With
him in command of a warship and her helping the government get people behind
the formation of the Confederation, their married life would be difficult, to
say the least. But they were determined to make it work. They knew now that
the universe was not a hospitable place, and it was an immense comfort just
knowing that they had each other to love and hold onto.

They arrived at the drab apartment building and rode up the cramped elevator
to the fifteenth floor. Everything here was clean, almost antiseptic in
appearance. And quiet. Their footsteps echoed as they walked down the tiled
hall until they reached a certain door.

Looking one last time at Steph, who only nodded, Ichiro pressed the
illuminated button that would let the occupants know they had visitors.

After a brief moment, the door opened to reveal a middle-aged woman of
Japanese descent, not so different in appearance from a million others in the
city. Physically she was still in the prime of beauty for those of her age,
her face showing few wrinkles and only faint traces of gray in her otherwise
lush raven hair. But her expression and eyes were blank, her thoughts and
emotions carefully concealed, a defense mechanism developed over a lifetime of
emotional and physical abuse.

“Greetings, Mother,” Ichiro said in Japanese, bowing his head.

For a moment, she said nothing, did nothing. She made no reaction at all. Then
the veneer that had been her shield against the pain of her life, built up
over decades, suddenly shattered and fell away.

In that moment, she did what no self-respecting Nagano woman, even one who had
been widowed only a week before when her hated husband had died of a burst
aneurysm, would ever have admitted to: she burst into tears and took her only
son in her arms.

* * *

**LEGEND OF THE SWORD**

  

The story of the Human-Kreelan war continues with _Legend Of The Sword_ , the
next novel of the _In Her Name_ series. [**Click
here**](http://authormichaelhicks.com/books/legend-of-the-sword/) to get your
copy now! And don’t forget to join my newsletter so you can receive updates on
my latest releases, giveaway contests, and more: just [**click
here**](http://authormichaelhicks.com/newsletter/) to subscribe.


