* Prologue
Prologue{{{1
# Prologue

**TODAY’S THE DAY** I bury my journal—not because it’s dead, but because it
needs to live. This is the only way.

I was so naïve when I first started writing in it. What it became—what _I_
became—hardly can be described in words, but they are all I have. So it is
with words that I begin.

My name is Emily Stanton. I was born in Portland, Oregon, to a free-spirited
liberal arts major who chose to give me life over completing her part-time
college career. It seemed to be a hereditary decision, handed down from her
mother. Her parents, Papa Bob and Nana Rosie, were self-proclaimed “Children
of the Universe,” a title they used to describe their often misunderstood
lifestyle, which included a year-long adventure from their studies, starting
in the summer of 1966. That all ended on a rainy day in March 1967, when the
weight Nana Rosie had put on in the winter produced a seven-pound, four-ounce
baby girl—my mother. Nana always said the clouds parted when they heard my mom
cry, so they named her Sunny. After that, Papa Bob went on to medical school,
and Nana Rosie, a former sociology student, stayed home to raise Sunny, the
most important human-interest project of her life. Fascinated with her every
movement, change, and mood, Nana recorded Sunny’s life in journals—volumes of
them.

That is where I inherited my love of journal writing. It is both a blessing
and a curse, as all love is.


* Chapter One
Chapter One{{{1
# Chapter One

**I REMEMBER IT** vividly—Saturday, April 7, 2012. Although I didn’t know it
at the time, that date would mark the end of my world.

The morning began shrouded by an overcast sky that hung heavily over the
campus of Carlston University in Upstate New York. The desolate, dew-covered
lawns and pathways, winding endlessly around the school, were devoid of
footprints that might have indicated any sign of life. That wasn’t unusual,
though, especially on a morning after several Easter-themed frat parties. In
fact, most sensible people were sleeping soundly in their dorms, with the
unfortunate exception of my roommate, Sophia, whom no one would ever accuse of
being sensible. Instead, she was intent upon consuming our dorm room—its floor
space and air space—as if it existed only for her. I suppose, in her mind,
that was exactly why it was created.

Her high-pitched voice could cut through any material with razor-like
precision. It was deadly, and she was well versed (literally) in its use and
effectiveness. No manner of pillow or blanket could escape its wrath; even
mattresses were no match for her glass-breaking, shrill tone.

I thought—or at least hoped—I was dreaming.

“Em…”

The sound whispered, then drifted in the air, as if floating on the breeze.

“Emi…”

It grew stronger.

“Emily?”

The almost metallic noise belched its hot breath unmistakably in my ear.

“Emily Stanton!”

“What?” I barked toward the offending sound, my face fixed in a morning
grimace.

“Look, I’m sorry to wake you, but…”

I opened my eyes to see Sophia squatting only inches from my dorm room bed.

“I have been up all morning working on my lit paper, and I’m completely
freaked out!”

_Great. Here we go!_ I fluffed my pillow and sat up against it in preparation
for another one of Sophia’s rants.

“I have a sociology paper due Tuesday, a chemistry exam and a math quiz on
Monday, and my lit teacher thought it would be ‘fun’ to write ‘a few’ pages
about a haunted house! It’s April!” The words spewed from Sophia’s mouth like
steam from a boiling tea kettle.

Still half-asleep, I stared blankly at my overwrought, finger-quote-wielding
roommate. Her voice rose with every word as she paced the floor of our dorm
room, alternately gesturing at the door and the window with every turn. The
movement suddenly made me feel nauseous. I quickly swung my legs out of bed
and placed my sock-covered feet on the carpet, then slowly drew my head
between my knees. “I think I’m going to be sick,” I moaned.

Sophia, oblivious to my comment, continued her descent into the absurd.

I closed my eyes in an attempt to block out Sophia’s pacing, but the room
began to spin. My ears rang like a church bell on Sunday morning, forcing me
to my feet. I reached the door in two steps, flung it open, and narrowly
missed Sophia in the process. I rushed into the hall, fighting to balance
myself as I made my way to the restroom, where my stomach contents quickly
reminded me of my overindulgence at the frat party the night before.

Several flushes and twenty minutes later, I left the cold comfort of the tile
floor and sought the closest sink to rinse my mouth and splash water on my
face.

When I was finished, I looked up at the mirror, pushed the wet hair from my
face, and let it fall back in blonde strings that rested limply along my
shoulders and back.

“Apparently waterproof doesn’t mean hangover-proof,” I mumbled to the mascara-
covered face staring back at me. “I’m even patriotic.” I strained closer to
examine my normally clear, blue eyes that now were bloodshot and swollen.

After several failed attempts to remove the mascara with a wet paper towel, I
weakly shuffled back to my room.

“Wow! You look like hell,” Sophia said, then quickly resumed her tirade. “So I
got up super early to try to get it all done, but I can’t stand anything I’ve
written so far.” She plopped down dramatically on her bed.

I was still in the doorway, squinting at the alarm clock to see the time. “Six
o’clock?” I screamed into the room, closing the door behind me. “Are you
crazy? It’s Saturday!” I directed my attention toward the dorm room sink and
my toothbrush.

Two brushings and a thorough face washing drowned out the accelerating
complaints of Sophia. Once I was done, I shuffled to my bed, unfluffed my
pillow, and resumed my previous sleeping position with my back to her.

“Well?” Sophia asked in disgust.

“What now?” I mumbled into my pillow.

“Can you help me?”

“With what?”

“With what? What do you mean, with what? With my lit paper!” she screamed at
the back of my head. “Weren’t you listening?”

I had hoped the question was rhetorical, but in an effort to get myself closer
to my goal of getting Sophia to stop talking, I took a deep breath into my
pillow and offered her the only reasonable response I could muster: “Maybe you
haven’t noticed here, Soph, but I’m a little hungover. Thanks for disturbing
me. If you had really wanted my help, you would have let me sleep. Now, I’m
useless.”

Sophia ignored my comment. “Oh, come on Em. You’re so much better at writing
than I am.”

I could hear the syrup in her voice and turned my head slightly to catch her
flashing her world-famous dental work in my direction.

“Whatever, Soph, it’s not working,” I muttered, turning back to the wall.

After a long pause and an even longer moan-like sigh, Sophia finally blurted,
“Okay, what do you want?”

_Want?_ I was attempting to fall asleep until her words caught my attention.
“Huh?”

“You know what I mean. What do you want?” Unable to hide her frustration
behind her teeth or her money as she was so accustomed, the real Sophia reared
her ugly head with condescension and impatience.

The cobwebs continued to clear in my head as I once again fluffed my pillow,
propped myself up against it, and slowly processed the potential of the
opportunity unfolding before me. “How much do you need to write?” I asked.

“Just a page.”

“If it’s that short, why can’t _you_ write it?”

I thought that Sophia’s money wrote all her papers. Then, I remembered her
sometimes boyfriend and paper-writing partner in crime. “Or what about Nathan?
Don’t tell me you broke up with him again.”

“Whatever, Emily,” Sophia snapped.

“Fine.” I slid down my pillow while pulling my blankets up to my chin.

“Yes, okay? There. I said it. Yes,” she sputtered, then folded her hands in a
praying gesture. “Come on, Emily! Daddy’s coming to town tonight for Easter,
and he’s taking me shopping tomorrow. I’ll never get all of this done by
then.”

_Daddy_. Sophia both feared and worshiped her father and would do anything to
please him. I stared at her for a few seconds, trying to search my hungover
brain for something I could use against her. Unfortunately, my head felt as if
it had been flushed down the toilet minutes before; I had nothing.

“Really, Emily, are you going to help me or not?”

“Just show me the assignment and whatever you’ve written already.” I groaned,
fighting another wave of nausea on the heels of my missed opportunity to play
the Daddy card.

Sophia walked to her desk, shuffled through some papers, and handed me two.

I skimmed the scribbled pages. _What a train wreck!_ “I think I wrote better
than this in kindergarten,” I said to the papers, “before I learned to read.”

Sophia was humorless by nature and acknowledged my attempt at a joke with a
loud, “Humph!” as she continued to pace the floor.

I laughed and tried to turn my attention back to the nightmare assignment in
front of me, but the constant movement of my roommate proved too much for my
stomach. I felt as if I were having an out-of-body experience as I suddenly
and instinctively flung my blankets back, dropped the papers onto the bed, and
attempted to exit the room. Instead, the sound of muffled voices in the
hallway caused me to seek the comfort of my dorm room sink as a convenient
alternative to a run of shame to the restroom.

Sophia gagged at the sink-side scene while she stuffed her other homework into
her backpack. “I’ll be in the library all day. Just give me something I can
turn in,” she said from behind the hand she had firmly cupped around her nose
and mouth.

I ignored her as I gripped the sides of the sink for support.

Not waiting for a reply, she slammed the door behind her.

After cleaning the sink several times, I shuffled across the floor to open the
window and air out the stuffy, stench-filled room. I took several deep
breaths, then returned to my bed and bent down to swat Sophia’s writing
assignment onto the floor before climbing in.

Fortunately for me, most of our other neighbors had been out late as well, so
the dorm remained quiet for most of the morning. After several hours of
uninterrupted sleep, I awakened in a better frame of mind and body. Two large
bottles of water and a long, hot shower later, I was ready to start on my
homework.

My conversation with Sophia seemed in the distant past, and I chose to address
her writing assignment by walking around the papers that had been deposited on
the floor earlier. It quickly became a habit to step around and ignore the
sheets. By the afternoon, I was finished with my own homework and was leaving
the room when I accidently stepped on one of the pages.

“Oh, you again,” I said from above.

I stared at the papers for several seconds before bending down to pick them
up. If only I had known what would transpire as the result of such a simple
act, I would have left them in their place. Unfortunately, I didn’t know.

Instead, I turned the assignment over in my hands several times, growing
angrier with each flip of the page. _She thinks she can buy her way through
school! I worked too hard to get here—and I just can’t stand cheaters!_

I fought the urge to crumple the sheets in my hands, but curiosity overcame
me. As I started to read, I glanced at the bottom of the assignment page and
noticed a sentence that brought a smile to my face. “Ha!”

I sat on the floor and reread the sentence aloud: “This assignment is for
extra credit only.” I giggled and skimmed the page again. “I love it! She
deserves this.”

Sophia and I had been roommates since our freshman year in college. One of the
conditions of my scholarship was to live on campus all four years. It seemed
reasonable until my junior year, when all of my friends escaped the dorm life
and rented apartments in town. Another condition of my scholarship was that I
could not have a vehicle on campus. Soon, my friends moved on without me, and
I was stuck with the only other senior who was not allowed to live off
campus—Sophia. Her father thought it was safer for her to live in the dorms.
Ironically, she usually lived with her boyfriends and seldom spent any time in
our room, except when she was between relationships.

“She needs a new boyfriend!” I exhaled loudly into Sophia’s assignment. “And I
need to make sure she never asks me to help her again.”

After spending several minutes on the floor contemplating the many ways in
which my life would improve without Sophia in it, I heard my appetite finally
return with a grumble. I stood and stretched, then locked the writing
assignment safely in my desk before leaving the dorm in search of a late
lunch. Deep in thought about Sophia’s assignment, I did not realize she was
screaming my name until I had almost reached the student union.

“Stanton?” She was standing near the entrance with her hands on her hips,
surrounded by an entourage of her equally annoying friends.

I jumped back at the sound of my name in that unmistakably irritating screech
that only Sophia could deliver and nearly stumbled into a bench in front of
the building.

Sophia’s friends laughed as she asked, “What are you doing here?”

“Why?” I quickly recovered and edged closer to the door.

She ran toward me. “Hello? My paper!”

If it were possible to hear the last thread of my patience snap, it would have
made a resounding _twang_ that echoed loudly in all directions. I was
finished. I was hungry, tired, and annoyed by the needs of that over-indulged,
under-educated brat. I really didn’t care for Sophia’s friends or what they
thought of me, and I was beyond tired of the way she treated me in public. I
had nothing to lose.

I stepped defiantly toward Sophia, making her stop several feet from me.
“Aren’t you supposed to be in the library?” I didn’t wait for an answer.
“Maybe if you made a habit of spending a little more time there and less time
being social, you might have already finished it yourself!”

“Is it done?” she asked, ignoring my response.

I pretended to look around nervously. “What is wrong with you?” I whispered.
“Do you want to get caught?” I reached for the door to the student union.
“We’ll talk about this in the room.”

She stepped closer, until her nose was almost touching mine. “We’ll talk about
it _now_!”

“No, we won’t. I’m hungry, and I need to eat!” I pushed past her and entered
the building.

“Meet me in an hour!” she called after me, her fists clenched at her sides.

“I guess you don’t own her after all,” her friend Katie said, giggling
sarcastically.

Sophia scowled in reply as she walked back to the group.


* Chapter Two
Chapter Two{{{1
# Chapter Two

**AN HOUR LATER** , I was still in the student union, staring at the clock on
the wall. It’s only been an hour. I’ll wait another twenty minutes, then think
about going back to the room.

Forty-five minutes later, as I was scouring the bottom of my purse for change
to buy a brownie, I came across my dead cell phone. “Oops!” I said with a
smile. I envisioned Sophia pacing our room, leaving me new voice mails and
texts with every turn.

I made slow progress back to the dorm, relishing every bite of my brownie and
making plans for that evening with several passersby. I took the last bite as
I approached my building. _That was good._ I stared at the empty wrapper as I
entered the front doors. _I want another one._ Then I remembered the two lint-
covered pennies and sticky dime I found earlier in the bottom of my purse.
_Sophia’s lucky I don’t have more change and that I promised my family I would
avoid using my plastic whenever possible. Otherwise, I’d be following my
craving back to the student union._

As I entered the dorm, I intentionally passed the elevator and headed for the
stairwell. Taking some of the stairs one at a time and others up one and down
two, I finally reached my fifth-floor dorm room, just in time to see Sophia
stomping in the opposite direction, heading down the hall to the restroom.

“Am I late?” I mumbled to myself sarcastically. I opened the door and walked
to my desk to retrieve the writing assignment locked inside.

“Two and a half hours?” Sophia screamed only moments later from the open
doorway. Her hands were on her hips as she stormed into the room. “My father
will be here any minute to pick me up! Do you have any idea how much he
despises waiting?”

I didn’t care, and might not have voiced it, but the sugar from my brownie was
kicking in. That, coupled with the screaming-roommate routine, caused an
adrenaline rush that seemed to be settling in my mouth. “Well, I—”

“Is this it? she asked, staring at the papers in my hand. Without waiting for
a reply, she lunged forward.

I whipped the sheets behind me and quickly stuffed them underneath me and sat
on my desk.

Sophia’s arms flailed around me like an octopus, trying to rip the papers
free.

“Listen!” I screamed.

“What?” she barked back, only inches from my face.

“We-have-not-a-greed-up-on-the-terms.” I enunciated through gritted teeth,
just staring at her nearly purple, enraged face in front of me. “Go-close-the-
door.”

Sophia obeyed, then stood against it, glaring at me while gripping the knob
behind her in an obvious attempt to regain her composure. “What do you want?”

I hadn’t actually bothered to revisit that question before that moment, but
Sophia’s behavior seemed to spark nasty thoughts deep within the bowels of my
imagination. Thinking on my feet, I gave her the only answer that came to mind
at the time: “You asked if I have any idea how your dad despises waiting. I
was going to say that I don’t know. In fact, I know nothing about your father.
The terms, therefore, are that I want to meet him.”

“What!?” Sophia lost her grip on the doorknob.

“I said—”

“Of course I heard you, you idiot! _Why_ do you want to meet my father?”

“Because I do. Decide now, or I’ll destroy the assignment.” I maintained eye
contact while I reached down to turn on the paper shredder.

“Fine,” Sophia said. “Now, give it to me.”

I handed her the papers.

Her face reddened again as she stared down at them. “What is this?”

“The stuff you gave me earlier. I’ll give you the assignment after I’ve met
your father.” Then, another thought popped into my head. “In fact, I really
didn’t get enough to eat today. I think you need to invite me to dinner too.”

Sophia’s face grew even more inflamed as she looked from the papers to me. “I
hate you! How do I even know you wrote it?”

“You don’t,” I said, trying not to grin. “However, I’m your only hope.”

Sophia threw the papers on the floor and rushed toward her cell phone. She
snapped it up and began to scroll violently until she finally pressed a button
on the phone face and put it up to her ear. “Hi, Daddy. It’s me.” She spoke in
the best Daddy-can-I-borrow-the-keys-to-the-car voice I’d ever heard. “Well, I
was wondering if my roommate could come with us tonight.”

I smiled and rolled my eyes.

“Oh please, Daddy! Please?”

Several seconds of anticipation later, my ears were rewarded with, “Daddy,
thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you!” followed by, “I love you. We’ll
see you in half an hour.” She ended the call and just stared at the phone in
her hand.

“What a performance!” I screamed with laughter. “You’re good.”

“Well, your paper had better be worth it.”

I nodded in satisfaction. “Oh, it will be.”

Sophia stood with her gaze fixed on me for several seconds before running to
the outlet near the sink to plug in her curling iron. She mumbled under her
breath as she opened her closet door and began to shuffle her hangers along
the rod, pausing every few seconds to look in my direction before resuming her
work in the closet. “Do you own nylons?” she finally asked.

I thought briefly. “No, why?”

“Good God, Emily. Are you clueless?” Her eyebrows were tense above two glaring
blue eyes, and her hands were firmly planted on her hips. “My dad is coming in
less than half an hour, and I need to make you presentable.” Sophia turned
back to her closet, produced a new package of nylons from one of her drawers,
and tossed it to me. “Put these on.”

Although she wasn’t the most academic student I knew, Sophia was the best
dressed, so, trusting her judgment in the fashion arena, I caught the nylons
and began to put them on.

“Eew!” She shivered while glaring sideways at me. “My God, you could French
braid your shins!”

I surveyed my legs and looked up just in time to catch the two disposable
razors she tossed at me.

“You’ll probably need them both…maybe even a lawnmower,” she added. She
scowled at my legs again, then let her gaze travel toward my shoulders. “By
the way, you’re going sleeveless, so be sure to take care of ev-ery-thing.”

I lifted my arms to look at my pits, but Sophia’s attention was already drawn
back to her open closet.

“You have five minutes, Em,” she said with her back to me. “Hurry…but don’t
cut yourself.”

_Dictator!_ I collected my robe, undies, shower gear, and razors, and went in
search of a free shower stall. In less than five minutes, I returned, showered
and smooth. I stopped short of fully entering the room to stare, unenthused,
at the simple black dress lying limply on my bed.

Noticing my disappointment, Sophia offered, in an exaggerated British accent,
“Sorry, luv. No time to dilly-dally. We’ll just accessorize.” Wasting no time,
she placed both hands firmly on my shoulders, pulled me into the room, and
ordered me to put the dress on, while simultaneously slamming the door closed
with her foot.

Although we had been roommates for almost four years, we never dressed in
front of each other. Sophia was usually at her boyfriend’s and only used the
dorm room as a glorified storage spot for last season’s wardrobe. So, when I
removed my robe, she gasped in surprise.

“Wow, Emily! You look great!”

“Well, I do enjoy my lingerie.” I was not interested in fashion, but I did
appreciate fine undergarments and bought most of my things online, including
the black lace bra and matching panties I was wearing.

“Yeah, that’s nice, but I meant your body.” Sophia turned me toward the full-
length mirror on the inside panel of her closet door. “Why don’t you show it
off more?” She stared at my reflection. “I figured you dress like a frump
because you have something to hide. I never would have guessed it was a
model’s body.”

Sophia’s compliment was a new experience for me, one I didn’t like. While I
was growing up, looks weren’t exactly stressed in my family—or even discussed,
for that matter. Although my relatives were all fairly attractive, it was
often difficult to tell behind the beards or long hair, and miles of crazy
fabrics that seemed to cover them all. Looks were a non-issue and having
attention drawn to me made me uncomfortable, eventually becoming my Achilles’
heel. Worse, if an attractive guy happened to be added to the mix, I would
turn all shades of red at once and melt slowly into a puddle of my own
mortification. It was my personal hell.

Therefore, as I stood before the mirror, I felt a bit foolish, fighting the
rising blush that would soon transform my face into a beet-like banner of
humiliation. _What is she talking about? Look at me? No, look at her!_ I
couldn’t help but admire Sophia’s straight black hair and pale skin that
surrounded a pair of almost violet-blue eyes. _She looks like a celebrity._

As I again looked at my own reflection, I studied my wet hair, an enviable
natural shade of blonde that was neither straight nor curly. In fact, to get
it to take either shape required more time and effort than I was willing to
give, so I frequently wore it in a ponytail. Then, I surveyed my thin build
with its proportionate curves—or a lack thereof as I now began to scrutinize
my figure. Compliments not only made me nervous, but they caused me to
question the motives of the person who offered them.

I turned to examine my profile in the mirror. _Sophia hates me, so why is she
being so nice?_ Engrossed in my internal dialogue, I absently put on the dress
Sophia handed me, then rolled the nylons over my legs before sitting in a
chair near the sink. Standing behind me, she blow-dried and curled my hair
like a professional, giving it a long, oxygen-replacing shot of hairspray upon
completion. I fanned the air and coughed several times as she pulled another
chair in front of me and sat down to apply makeup to my virgin face, which had
never ventured beyond mascara and lipstick.

“I have skin allergies,” I said.

“Not tonight, you don’t.” After a few more minutes, Sophia exclaimed,
“Perfect!” before checking her watch. “Ten minutes.” She ran to her closet and
squatted before it to rummage through the boxes at the bottom. Her hunt soon
produced a pair of black stilettos, which she handed to me and said,
“Practice.”

Meanwhile, Sophia donned a form-fitting electric blue cocktail dress that
resembled something that belonged on a Milan runway. She quickly freshened up
her makeup and slipped on a pair of matching shoes taken from a box on a shelf
in her closet. While standing in front of the open doors, she rummaged through
her jewelry box and found a white gold and diamond necklace and matching
earrings for me, as well as a platinum necklace, earrings, and bracelet set,
which dripped crystals like a chandelier, for herself.

“Impressive.” I was amazed by the tornado-like transformation Sophia just
pulled off and stopped to admire the results prior to searching for my bottle
of perfume.

“No, what’s impressive is that you can even walk in those shoes,” Sophia said,
staring in disbelief.

“Well, I guess all those years of ballet finally paid off. God knows that’s
all I gained from it.”

Sophia nodded and handed me a black sequined handbag. “Here. Put your stuff in
here. We need to go.”

I deposited my ID, money, and cell phone into the small bag, then added the
lipstick and compact Sophia gave me.

One more trip to her closet produced a black silk scarf, fringed with rows of
black glass beads for me and a shimmery, electric blue silk one for herself. I
had always been inept when it came to fashion, so I watched and copied Sophia
as she draped her scarf along her back, adjusting it evenly from side to side
before letting it drop gently onto her forearms.

We admired ourselves a final time in front of the mirror before she gently
pushed me toward, then out the door, into the now busy dorm. The noisy hallway
grew silent as we walked confidently past our neighbors who stood in
speechless amazement. Several wondered who the mystery girl with Sophia was,
while most others just stared.

“Wow,” I said from the safety of the elevator. “They were looking at me as if
they’d never seen me before.”

“Quite frankly, Emily, I doubt most of them have.” She paused to eye me up and
down. “Definitely not this way.”

In the lobby, I smiled at my admirers, mostly male, as Sophia and I floated
past them toward the limousine that was parked outside the front doors.

_I could get used to this VIP treatment!_ I enjoyed the thought as I walked
into the night and entered the empty limo through the door the driver was
holding open for us.

“I guess Daddy will meet us there.” Sophia’s voice sounded flat as she slid
into the seat beside me.

“That’s okay,” I said. “I was hoping to relax a bit before meeting him
anyway.”

Sophia gave me a puzzled look. She opened her mouth briefly, then quickly
closed it and turned away from me toward the window.

_Great. Here we go again._ I should have left it alone, but I needed to know
the answer. “What did I say?”

“How is it that, no matter what, you always see the bright side?” Sophia
cocked her head to one side. “If the sky was falling, you would say, ‘That’s
okay, I’ve always wanted to see it up close anyway.’”

I quickly forgot the bonding experience we had just shared as we returned to
our usual regard for each other. “What’s wrong with that?”

“Nothing, I guess,” Sophia said in her usual condescending tone. “It just
doesn’t make any sense. Not everything is all rainbows and unicorns.”

It took most of my self-control and all of my will not to follow the path of
the thoughts swarming inside my head. None of them were nice, but all of them
involved Sophia and some form of rainbow or unicorn. Instead, I could only
scream, “I’m not stupid!”

Sophia shrugged and pretended to adjust her dress. “No, just….naïve”

I couldn’t believe my ears. “Really?” I asked. “Why? Because you have it so
tough?”

“You have no idea!”

“Right. Well, you have no idea about me either, so stop judging me!”

“Oh, I know _plenty_ about you,” Sophia said, continuing to fuss with her
dress.

“Yeah? Like what?” In the years since we had been roommates, I never told
Sophia a thing about myself. She never asked, and I never offered. She didn’t
even know my favorite color—which was green, by the way. Therefore, I was more
than eager to hear what fabrication she was going to try to sell me.

“Like—”

Sophia was interrupted by the sound of screeching tires as the limo came to an
abrupt stop, the force of which flung us out of our seats and onto the floor
of the vehicle.

“What was that?” she asked. “And where did my purse go?” She looked down at
the floor of the limo, then fumbled for the light.

The chauffeur caught her attention through his rearview mirror. “A noisy,
black cat!”

With that, she abruptly stopped her search for the light and sat stiffly in
her seat near the window.

I located the dome light and looked over at the pale face of my roommate,
caught in a frozen stare with the driver. The fear on Sophia’s face and the
angry eyes of the driver in the rearview mirror sent an involuntary shudder
through me, one that chilled me to the bone. I hugged the scarf around me as I
scooted onto the floor to recover the contents of my spilled purse, brushed my
knees off, and returned to my seat. The driver and Sophia seemed to be at an
impasse in their staring contest, so I reached for Sophia’s purse and scarf on
the floor and placed them on the seat next to her. After turning off the
light, I tried to focus on the world outside the window, but I was drawn to
the chauffeur’s eyes; they seemed to pierce the darkness, causing me to pull
my scarf even tighter around my shoulders.

“Won’t we be late?” I asked, weakly.

That finally broke the spell between the driver and Sophia.

The chauffeur suddenly stepped on the gas, running a yellow light as he sped
through an intersection, narrowly missing the opened door of a driver
attempting to exit his parked car.

I had never been a fan of amusement park rides, especially ones that spun,
jiggled, or jerked. Although that particular limo ride had already covered all
that, I figured it was just a matter of time before it added inverted to the
list. I quickly reached behind me on the seat in search of a seatbelt as the
driver ran a stop sign and turned left on less than four tires, amid fleeing
pedestrians in the crosswalk. The angry horns of other drivers filled the air
as we sped into the night. “Psycho cat lover,” I mumbled through gritted
teeth. Finding no seatbelts, I grabbed the door handle in an effort to keep
from sliding off the seat and rolling along the floor like a pinball.

The limo once again came to an abrupt halt, that time in front of a
restaurant, a few feet from the awning that marked its entrance. The driver
closed the privacy window that separated him from his passengers and remained
seated, making no effort to open the back door for us.

Sophia opened the door and stepped out, then graciously accepted the hand of
the restaurant doorman who lent his assistance in the driver’s absence.

Once Sophia was safely on the sidewalk and heading for the front door, I
exited the limo, offering a cold, shaky hand to the gloved doorman. Trying to
balance my wobbly legs on stiletto heels proved more of a challenge than I
expected, and I stumbled twice exiting the vehicle. Supported by the doorman,
I was escorted to the lobby of the restaurant. “I’m good,” I said, flashing
the best smile I could offer, despite being humiliated to the core.

Although it wasn’t the red carpet entrance I was hoping for, I greeted the
visibly amused maître d’ as if nothing was wrong. “Hello!”

“Having a nice evening, are we?” she asked in a fake accent that seemed both
French and British with a Cockney twist.

“The best!” I pretended to be oblivious to her sarcasm.

Still in the entrance, Sophia excused both of us and pulled me into the
restroom with her. “Don’t tell daddy about the driver.”

“What? That guy’s a complete psycho. He shouldn’t be driving anything,
especially a limo. Don’t you think your dad would want to know if someone was
being unsafe with you in the car?”

“Promise me now, or I won’t introduce you to Daddy.”

“What about your paper?”

“I’ll take the F,” she said, her tone uncharacteristically calm, almost
resigned.

“Is he your boyfriend or something?” I wondered out-loud.

“Just promise me, or I’ll say you were sick and needed to take a cab back to
campus.” Her eyes seemed to pierce my skin.

“Fine,” I grumbled, too curious about meeting Sophia’s father to disagree.

“Here. Fix your face.” She handed me a pouch full of makeup.

I looked at my smudged lipstick and mascara in the mirror and stepped back in
horror. With some effort and a lot of assistance from Sophia, I left the
restroom looking much more presentable than when I entered.

Back at the entrance, we were again greeted by the maître d’, who did a
double-take at me before selecting two enormous, black menus from behind a
podium and escorting us to our table.

The interior of the restaurant resembled an English conservatory, with
comfortably cushioned chairs surrounding cloth-clad, iron tables. Potted trees
and plants separated the tables and created a sense of privacy for those
dining in the restaurant. I admired Sophia for her skills in the makeup
department, because many conversations stopped, and silverware, suspended in
mid-air, failed to bring food to the open mouths of several admiring men as we
followed the maître d’ through the restaurant.

Our empty table bore four place settings and was positioned away from the
others in an alcove surrounded by floor-to-ceiling leaded-glass windows. I
rounded the table to the left and chose a seat by the window, while Sophia
chose the other window seat to my right.

“I guess we’re early.” She gazed at her watch as the maître d’ pushed in her
chair and handed her a menu. “And I have no idea who else is joining us.”

Don’t look at me!

But Sophia was too preoccupied staring at the empty seats to even notice my
existence.

Once I was seated for a few minutes and started to regain my composure, I
realized that I didn’t even know what restaurant I was in. I didn’t recognize
the interior, and our violent curbside entrance reduced our arrival to sheer
survival rather than sightseeing. I could only refer to the cover of the beast
of a menu in my hands, which read, “The Garden.” It was the kind of place my
grandparents would have protested against for promoting the cruel fattening of
ducks in cages or being mean to snails. I decided to keep it to myself.

Just to be safe, though, after a brief look at the price-devoid menu, I
located a protest-proof salad that boasted wild-caught salmon, which would
have even made my grandparents proud. Relieved, I removed the napkin from the
table, spread it across my lap, and rested the massive tome in its place.

With the business out of the way, my eyes were drawn to the windows beside and
behind me. From that moment forward, I was transfixed. My eyes seemed to have
a mind of their own and couldn’t stop staring at the scene around me. Despite
the darkness, it was beautiful, almost magical. Hundreds of tiny gold lights
adorned the trees and shrubs in the garden just outside the glass. My eyes
traveled from the trees to the rose garden that boasted abundant quantities of
roses in varying shapes and colors, swaying in the gentle breeze that had just
begun to stir. I was so focused on the garden that it took the touch of
Sophia’s hand on mine to draw my attention back to my seat.

“Emily?”

As I turned toward Sophia, I noticed a figure out of the corner of my eye,
standing at the edge of the table. His presence startled me and made me jump
slightly in my chair. I quickly hid my embarrassment by smiling brightly up at
the man.

_So much for first impressions_. But that thought came before I actually
looked at him.

When our eyes met, I immediately felt the color drift up my neck to my face.
He was gorgeous. In his early twenties and tall, he had a muscular physique
that was evident even through his finely tailored suit. His brow and facial
structure were strongly Germanic, softened by a broad smile containing rows of
perfectly straight, white teeth, and complemented by full lips. _And those
eyes!_ They were a deep blue that invaded my being like the still waters of an
ancient stream. The look was completed by locks of light brown hair that waved
in all the right places and fell just below his ear lobes. As with all
attractive men I’d met throughout my life, I lost my composure and regressed
to my earlier, shier days. Hello, Achilles heel! As a child, I hid behind my
mother or grandparents, hoping to avoid any form of conversation, but without
them there to shield me, all I could do was blush.

_I hope he’s the waiter._ I felt the sweat forming on my brow.

“Gerd, how good of you to join us!” Sophia cooed at the smiling man, who bent
down to kiss her on the cheek. “Oh, and this is my roommate, Emily.”

_Dang!_ I cursed myself as I offered a soggy hand for him to shake.

Instead, he took my outstretched hand, bowed dramatically, and kissed the
class ring that occupied my pinkie finger.

Drool!

My hot face felt a deeper shade of crimson as I withdrew my hand with an
embarrassed giggle and placed it and my pride on my lap.

Adding to my distress, Gerd chose the seat to my left, but his attention was
diverted momentarily by the sudden approach of the maître d’.

“Sorry, sir. Please excuse my rudeness.” She filled the alcove with her now
distinctly French accent. “I didn’t see you arrive!”

“ _Je vous pardonne, ma cherie_ ,” he replied fluently to her suddenly
expressionless face.

“Your menu, sir,” she nearly whispered in a voice devoid of any accent.

“ _Merci_!” He took the menu with another broad smile as the maître d’ nearly
ran from the table toward the podium.

Similar to our hostess, I couldn’t speak French either, but I didn’t care.
Gerd was amazing, and her appearance was just the distraction I needed to fan
myself with a napkin and regain my composure and complexion.

“Daddy didn’t mention you were coming, Gerd. What a nice—”

Sophia was interrupted by the approach of the maître d’ again, accompanied by
an attractive, middle-aged man. He stood nearly six feet tall, with a stocky
build and thinning brown hair. His dark blue suit was visibly expensive,
tailored perfectly to fit his form. The yellow and blue patterned silk tie
caught my eye, and my gaze remained there. _Where have I seen that tree
pattern before?_ I was equally captivated by the platinum and diamond tie pin
and matching cuff links.

Gerd immediately stood to exchange handshakes with the man, who then bent down
to kiss Sophia’s cheek.

“Hi, Daddy!” she said in exchange.

He stared at me for several seconds and, without introductions, stepped behind
Gerd and offered me his hand. I stood to shake it but was pulled into a hug,
followed by a kiss on each cheek. “Nice to finally meet you, Emily,” he boomed
down at me. His breath reeked of alcohol and cigars.

I tried not to inhale. “Thank you. Nice to meet you, too, Mr. Winston.”

“Call me George,” he said with a smile, then turned and walked toward his
seat. “Now, where’s that waiter with my drink?”

I was so surprised by George’s actions that I was already seated before I
realized I had failed to blush. In fact, it was the first time I could recall
not changing colors when first meeting an attractive man. The whole situation
was unnerving and left me speechless, so I opened my menu and used its bulk to
cover my face and confer with my inner voice: _Who are these people, and why
did I want to meet them again?_

“Where is the waiter?” George demanded.

I lowered the menu to study George, who had turned to look at the restaurant
behind him. His furrowed brow made his brown eyes seem beady, almost bear-
like. His hairy fingers tapped the table in a fluid, seemingly well-rehearsed
movement that grew louder with his impatience. Periodically, the tapping would
cease as he checked his diamond-embedded watch and loudly proclaimed the time
to those unfortunate enough to be within earshot.

_How embarrassing!_ I eyed the other two at the table, but neither Sophia nor
Gerd seemed to notice George’s display; either that, or they chose to ignore
it as they continued to read their menus. _They must be used to it._

The tapping and proclamations soon stopped, however, with the sudden
appearance of a disheveled waiter.

“It’s about time,” George growled.

I couldn’t resist staring at the waiter, who placed a cocktail on the table in
front of George.

“My apologies, sir!”

“What’s this?”

“It’s…it’s your drink, sir.”

“No, it isn’t. I clearly asked for a double on the rocks. This pale imitation
you have just deposited before me is nothing more than a watered down single
shot of whatever well drink the bartender has substituted!”

With that, George violently rose from his seat, nearly knocking the chair to
the floor. While standing, he removed the glass from the table in a swift
swipe and held it several feet from his chest in an exaggerated gesture of
disgust.

The waiter jumped backward just in time to miss being ram-rodded by George’s
extended arm as he stomped noisily past him, heading toward the bar.

I absently closed the menu and placed it on my plate, watching in utter
amazement as the scene unfolded before me.

The now pale waiter resumed his spot at the head of the table, trying to make
eye contact with Sophia. Boy, did I feel sorry for him! He was completely
frazzled. He stood before us with his hands clenched behind him, his neatly
pressed, long-sleeved white shirt showing signs of the strain near his
armpits. The beads of sweat on his brow were starting to descend in streams
toward his eyebrows. He was a mess, and his voice was shaky when he asked,
“May I bring you something to drink, ma’am?”

Sophia hardly acknowledged the waiter’s question. “Champagne, of course.”

“All around!” Gerd made a circular motion with his hand.

I couldn’t bear to ask for anything different; instead, I just smiled at the
poor guy as he briefly made eye-contact with me.

With a muttered, “Thank you,” and a small bow, the waiter turned and walked
swiftly toward the bar.

His escape was short-lived, however, because just as he arrived at his
destination, George brushed past him, nearly spinning him like a top.

“Now, this is what I call a drink,” George said, smiling at his glass.

By then, the restaurant and bar were full, with several waiting for tables in
over-stuffed, leather chairs near the entrance. All previous conversations
ceased at that comment, and people whispered and stared at the triumphant
George, who was carrying his drink back to our table like a trophy.

I was glad for the plants that separated our table from the others, and I
seriously considered hiding behind them while I watched George stride
confidently toward us. The ice clinked against the glass as he firmly placed
the drink on the table and resumed his seat. I pretended to look at my menu
once more until I heard Sophia slam hers closed.

“Well, I know what I want,” she said.

“Me too,” I added, but no one seemed to notice or care, especially Sophia, who
was now staring at the table.

“My napkin is still on my plate!” She looked around, apparently expecting one
of the wait staff to magically spring from a potted plant and deposit the
cloth into her lap. No one appeared. “This service stinks!” Without waiting
for assistance, Sophia violently whipped the napkin from her plate with her
right hand and placed it across her lap. Then, with both hands, she slammed
the heavy menu down on her plate with such force that it made the adjacent
empty glass fall toward the center of the table.

Before I could react, Gerd planted his blue eyes on me. “Well, at least it
wasn’t full!”

My reply came out without hesitation, “Right, too bad the menu was.” I was
unable to think straight with those eyes driving into my brain and soon
regretted my words when he let out a loud laugh that filled our little alcove,
once again drawing stares from those occupying the other tables.

_Great, Em. Way to go._ I internally kicked myself.

I could feel the blush resuming, coupled with the unacknowledged evil stare
from Sophia that I sensed was boring into the side of my face. I felt like a
bonfire at midnight.

Gerd continued to look at me as he slowly recovered from my comment. “Do we
all know what we want?”

Maybe you didn’t hear—

The wink and toothy smile he threw my way made me forget the rest of my
thoughts.

“I think so,” I finally said, my voice just above a whisper as I fought the
dry-mouth that often accompanied my blushing episodes. Most likely, being
overheated and dehydrated were contributing factors, but I tried to ignore
them.

Fortunately, the waiter soon appeared with our champagne, followed by a
younger version of himself, who filled our water glasses. I downed my water as
the waiter went through his routine of showing Sophia the bottle, uncorking
it, and pouring her the first sip. She elaborately sniffed, swizzled, and
sipped her way through the glass, then sent that and two more bottles back
until she felt satisfied with the selection. It was my first experience with
champagne, so I was at a loss for the whole ceremony. I had always thought
that if the cork popped when you opened it, it was good enough to drink.
Apparently, that was only part of it, although I was certain Sophia’s approach
was more a show of excess than anything. In the meantime, my water glass was
drained and filled several more times, before they finally left a fancy carafe
of ice water on the table in front of me.

After pouring champagne for Gerd and me, the waiter deposited the bottle into
a bucket of ice next to Sophia, then began taking our orders. I tried to smile
often, hoping to separate myself from the others in the mind of the waiter; I
really didn’t want him to spit on my dinner. When the order was complete, I
crossed my fingers and hoped for the best.

George raised his glass. “I propose a toast to our good health and company.”

“Cheers!” We chinked our glasses and sipped our drinks.

The amazing, bubbly liquid that filled my mouth was indescribable. Since I had
turned twenty-one, I had assumed the consumption of alcohol was little more
than a search for the bottom of the glass or bottle. Beer and wine were good
enough for me, but at that moment, I realized that taste was a factor in the
whole process. That one sip changed everything.

I also realized that if I didn’t use the restroom soon, my bladder would
explode. I excused myself from the table and sloshed my way to the ladies’
room.

In my single-minded effort to leave the table, I lost little time worrying
about what the other diners noticed or thought as I worked my way to the
restroom. On my return trip, however, I caught a few stares, but nothing could
compare to the piercing blue gaze of Gerd as I approached the table. Our eyes
locked, and his sucked me into an almost-hypnotic trance that drew me into the
alcove that housed our table.

Sophia stared from Gerd to me and back again, like a baffled, then angry ball
in a tennis match. By the time I resumed my seat, she was furious. As I was
placing the napkin back on my lap, she leaned toward me and gave my elbow a
tug to pull me closer to her. “He’s mine!”

“Maybe you’d better tell _him_ that!” I snapped, reclaiming my elbow from her
grasp.

At that moment, I looked at Gerd, who gave me a wink as he sipped his
champagne.

I also took a sip from my glass. Suspicious by nature, I couldn’t decide if I
was being played by Gerd to annoy Sophia, or if he really did like me. Either
way, the champagne tasted good enough to keep me from caring too much.

The appetizers had arrived while I was gone, so Gerd ensured that the plates
found their way over to me. I politely tried one of each but decided to stick
with the basket of rolls that sat in front of me. My salad was served minutes
later, much larger than expected. It didn’t appear to have been violated in
any way, so I decided to give it a shot. It was delicious.

The dinner conversation was surprisingly boring. Sophia dominated the evening,
reminiscing about the many dinner parties, weekends, and summers she had spent
with Gerd and their mutual friends. Unfortunately for her, Gerd only offered
short replies, if any at all, and they often sounded more like excuses for his
bad behavior rather than the boastful admissions she sought. He followed his
one-liners with leading questions that included me: “Have you spent time
there?” or, “Have you ever tried that?’’ or, “What is your favorite…?” Sophia,
of course, wouldn’t allow the attention drawn from her for long, and she
eventually reclaimed the conversation.

After hours of hearing about Sophia’s favorite childhood memories, drinking
several glasses of champagne, eating way too much salad, and devouring a
fudge-covered, double-layered, chocolate piece of heaven, I did what any self-
respecting girl would do: I yawned. Unfortunately, it wasn’t a dainty one of
the delicate variety that could easily be kept under wraps by forcing my lips
closed around my teeth. No, that yawn was closer to the kind Papa Bob’s blood
hound, Rex, showed the world after spending the afternoon sleeping on the
front porch. It was juicy and noisy and happened before I could maneuver my
hand up to cover it. _How rude!_ I was mortified.

Worse, all eyes were on me.

Again, Gerd stepped in, chuckling but ready to save me from myself. “Oh! Now
we’ve done it. We’ve lost another one to boredom.”

I smiled, bringing my napkin to my mouth to hide a string of new yawns that
came on the heels of the first.

Sophia giggled nervously while shooting me a sideways glance.

George stretched and looked around the table. “I don’t know about you, but I’m
ready to blow.”

I wasn’t sure if he meant it in the same way that Papa Bob did after a big
Sunday dinner, but I wasn’t willing to take a chance. I kept the napkin near
my nose, just in case. Everyone else, however, seemed to know what he meant,
because they folded their napkins on the table in front of them and began to
stand. I quickly caught on, and as I rose, Gerd reached behind me to pull my
chair out for me.

Drool, again!

“Thank you,” I said, then smiled and walked around the table with him.

Sophia sat in her chair, waiting for a similar dismount, but it was George who
came to her aid. “Thank you, Daddy,” she said, scowling at me.

We slowly proceeded to the front of the restaurant. Apparently the bill wasn’t
paid, because as we approached the front door, the waiter chased after us with
the check in hand, clearing his throat and yelling, “Sir! Excuse me, sir!”

George stopped briefly to allow the waiter to catch up. He pulled a stack of
hundreds from a money clip in his pocket and, without counting them, handed
them to the waiter, and continued walking. The waiter just stared after us in
disbelief as George turned his head slightly in his direction and said, “Keep
it!”

_What arrogance!_ I shook my head as I continued toward the exit.

Outside, the same limo as earlier awaited us.

“Goodbye, Daddy!” Sophia planted air kisses on either side of her father’s
face.

While she was saying her farewell to Gerd, I turned to George. “Dinner was
amazing. Thank you.”

As I spoke, I reached out to shake George’s hand and was again drawn into a
big bear hug.

“Glad to see that Sophia has some normal friends,” George said with a grin.
“I’ll be disappointed if you don’t join us for dinner the next time I’m in
town.”

I smiled. “Well, thank you. That would be very nice.”

“What time are we going shopping tomorrow?” Sophia interrupted.

“Shopping?” George asked, arching his eyebrows, clearly having forgotten their
plans.

“Daddy, you promised!” Sophia stamped a foot in protest.

George quickly recovered. “Oh, yes, shopping. You’re right. Well, we’ll get an
earlier start if you come back to the hotel with me.”

“But—”

“Yes, great idea, George. Glad I thought of it!” He chuckled to himself, then
pointed to the limo driver. “I took a cab here, so let’s just have Charles
take us to the hotel, shall we?” He turned to Gerd. “And how did you get
here?”

“I drove.”

“Well, that settles it. We’ll take the limo to the hotel, and you can take
Emily to the school. You don’t mind. Do you, Gerd?”

Sophia suddenly paled.

“Of course not,” he said. “It would be my pleasure.”

“Goodbye,” I called to Sophia as her father bustled her into the limo and
waved, before the driver closed the door and sped away.

Although the look on Sophia’s face made me stifle a giggle, my pleasure soon
turned to fear once it sunk in that I had been left alone with Gerd. For my
entire life, I’d vowed to myself that I would not become like my mother and
grandmother and pass up a college education for motherhood. _No, not me. I’m
different_. Now, I stood next to an almost physically perfect specimen of
manhood, absolutely unable to make any form of conversation with him. All
those years spent getting A’s instead of learning how to flirt had led up to
that uncomfortable moment. _Poor me!_ Luckily, Gerd was exchanging car facts
with the valets and appeared, as far as I knew, unaware of my internal
turmoil.

After several minutes, he turned to me and proclaimed, “Here it comes!”

I stared in the direction he was referring as the car slowly pulled up to the
curb. I was never one to get too excited about sports cars, mainly because
they all looked alike to me, but that one was special. It seemed to glow with
the confidence of a loved creature that knew it was being admired. It was
sleek and black and caught the attention of everyone within view. As it drew
closer, I noticed the emblem on the hood, but I didn’t recognize it. _A tree
within a ring?_ _Well, that narrows it down._ Regardless of my sarcastic
thoughts, though, I was still in awe. _And to think I get to be a passenger!_
I smiled to myself.

As the car came to a stop, the valet on the curb recovered from what seemed to
be a trance and opened the passenger side door for me.

“Thank you.”

“Welcome, ma’am,” he said as he closed the door.

The interior of the car was just as impressive. From the wood-grain dash that
housed more components than my geeky neighbor’s dorm room to the soft leather
seats that begged to be caressed, the whole car radiated that smell—the smell
of money.

Gerd walked around the back of the car and tipped both valets before climbing
in through the open driver’s side door.

I briefly glanced his way before resuming my visual tour of the vehicle’s many
amenities. “What kind of car is this?” I finally asked once he was seated.

“It’s a prototype.” He put on his seatbelt. “This is the only one in the
world.”

My eyes felt as if they were glazing over.

“Are we ready?” He smiled broadly, finally drawing my attention away from his
car.

I suddenly realized that I wasn’t buckled in yet. “Almost.”

As soon as my seatbelt clicked into place, he pulled away from the curb and
exited the parking lot, heading in the direction of my school.

Instead of taking the side streets as the limo had, we soon merged onto the
freeway, where I expected to have my head implanted in the head rest with the
sheer force of the car’s forward momentum. Instead, Gerd drove it as if it
would break. I was more than just a little disappointed.

“How fast can this thing go?”

Gerd looked at me with a smile on his face. “Much faster than this, of course.
I just…didn’t want to scare you.”

I smiled back. “Scare me!”

The freeway was surprisingly clear, so he found the gas pedal and implanted my
head in the headrest after all. I was in heaven. Fortunately, it wasn’t a
convertible, because my lips had disappeared entirely, and the smile that
replaced them would have been covered with bugs.

Sadly, the restaurant was fairly close to campus, so our joyride was a short
one.

Regardless, as we stopped at the curb outside my dorm, all I could think to
say was, “Amazing!”

Gerd laughed as he stepped out and opened my door. Offering me his hand, he
helped me to my feet and held me there for several seconds. It seemed a
lifetime. I was so in awe of his car that I didn’t realize he had stopped
smiling and was staring at me.

“When can I see you again?” he asked.

I was taken aback by the question. “What about Sophia?”

“Sophia?” A look of confusion covered his face.

“Surely you know she has feelings for you.”

“Oh, _that._ ” He laughed. “She only has feelings for me when she’s not dating
someone else. I take it she’s single again?”

“Yes.”

“Well, that explains it.” He looked serious again. “Now…what’s your answer?”

“Hmm. Well, that depends. When do you _want_ to see me again?”

“Right now, but unfortunately, I have other commitments. Are you busy in the
morning?”

“Uh…” I hesitated, wishing he had said _afternoon_ instead.

He read my reluctance well. “Not too early. Maybe around ten or so?”

“Ten would be great!”

“Perfect. I will pick you up then.”

“Where are we going?”

“It’s a surprise.” He smiled, slowly releasing my hand.

“Okay, but what should I wear?”

“Clothes.” He laughed, easing me in the direction of the front door.

I sighed in mock frustration. “You aren’t much help.”

“You’re cute when you’re upset.” He flashed me his teeth.

“You wouldn’t think so if I were _really_ upset.”

“Sounds like a challenge to me!”

“Take it however you want.” I turned to face him as we stopped just outside
the main doors.

“I shall,” he said with a grin.

“So?” I asked.

“So what?”

“You know what!” I said, trying to look serious.

“Okay. Let’s just say…nothing fancy. Just put on whatever you’d wear to visit
an old friend.”

“How old?”

“You decide.” With that, he kissed me on the cheek, swiftly walked back to his
car, and drove off with a wave outside his window.

I watched his beautiful tail lights fade into the night. “Great. Now I’ll be
up all night trying to decide what not to wear,” I mumbled.

Saturday, April 7, 2012

_Dear Maude,_ [My journal entries were addressed to my grandmother’s aunt, who
was a flapper during the 1920s. Until she passed away, I could tell her
anything, and she never judged me. I adored her. Even after she was gone, I
continued to tell her my secrets—within the pages of my journal.]

Today was amazing!

My roommate, Soph the Pimento Loaf, tried to get me to write a paper for her.
I found out the paper is just for extra credit. She must have missed that
part, but since she’s always such a swell specimen of a human being, I didn’t
see any harm in playing along. Hehe! The best part is that I convinced her to
invite me to dinner with her dad, in exchange for the paper. She dressed me up
like a doll, which is something she’s really good at doing. I actually looked
girly, Maude. You would have been shocked.

Then, believe it or not, a limo picked us up—a real one, with an actual
chauffeur. Unfortunately, the driver is a complete psycho. He nearly killed us
when a cat decided to run in front of the limo. Maybe he’s just
superstitious—the cat was supposedly black after all—but I think there’s more
to it than that. There was a weird vibe between Sophia and the driver. Plus, I
didn’t even see the cat. Who knows?

Anyway, the restaurant, The Garden, is one of those crazy expensive places
where they don’t put the prices on the menu. I ordered a grilled salmon
salad—wild-caught, of course. I couldn’t disappoint the grans! The Loaf’s dad
is one of those rich guys who thinks he owns the world and everyone in it. I
guess I understand why she’s the way she is.

But the best part was the Pimento Loaf’s family friend, Gerd, joined us for
dinner. I don’t know why he’s in town or where he’s from, but I might have a
chance to find out tomorrow, because he actually asked me out! It will sure
make The Loaf mad, because she really likes him. It’s going to be awesome.
He’s gorgeous, by-the-way, and he drives a sports car with an emblem on it
that I’ve never seen on a car before. It’s some kind of prototype, and it’s as
beautiful as he is. I got to check them both out up close when he gave me a
ride back to my dorm.

Well, I’d better go through my closet—or maybe The Loaf’s—to find something
worth wearing in public tomorrow.

Love,

Emily

P.S. _I almost forgot—we drank champagne, and it was amazing. I guess I
finally understand what you meant when you said that you didn’t find your
taste buds until you were older. I just might be finding mine!_


* Chapter Three
Chapter Three{{{1
# Chapter Three

**SUNDAY CAME AND** went without as much as a phone call from Gerd. I was
miserable, and my overactive imagination allowed no escape. If sleep found me
at all that night, it sneaked in and left before I noticed. Then, the birds
chirping outside my window finally succeeded in making me face my least
favorite day of the week.

I dreaded Mondays. If I heard my alarm at all, I usually spent an extra half-
hour hitting the snooze button, only to wake up at the last minute, miss
breakfast, and run, half-clothed, to my first-period class. That Monday, of
course, was different. I was awake before the sun and stood outside the
library door as the puffy-faced, work-study student opened up for the day.

“Party too much to do your homework this weekend?” he asked, but his attempt
at conversation fell short as he caught his own reflection in the glass
library door. “Dang, me too!” He tried to fix his multi-directional hair.

I eyed his do with a surprisingly confident air and walked past him, into the
library. “It looks good. I’d leave it alone.”

He must have believed me, because he stopped playing with his messy hair,
smiled into the glass, and ran behind the desk just in time to check me in.

“Have a good day,” he said with a smile.

I smiled in return. _Yeah, I think I just made your day._

I found a nice, quiet study room and took out my journal.

Monday, April 9, 2012

Dear Maude,

I’m crushed. Gerd blew me off—no call, no…nothing.

I spent yesterday morning scouring my closet and The Loaf’s for the perfect
outfit. Nothing jumped onto my body, so I went with my trusty jeans and crazy
shirt that seemed to be a crowd-pleaser last Easter. Then I waited. Ten
o’clock slowly became eleven. I didn’t have Gerd’s number, and The Loaf didn’t
answer her phone or reply to my texts. Apparently, her phone was dead, because
around noon, she rushed into the room in search of her charger. Her timing
couldn’t have been worse. Aside from the fact that it was Easter Sunday and my
empty stomach was missing brunch, I was in no mood to see anyone even remotely
associated with Gerd, so, I unkindly informed her of the extra-credit nature
of her paper. She imploded, left in a huff, and didn’t return. I sure didn’t
miss her.

I know I wasn’t raised to argue the way I do with Pimento-face, but she makes
me crazy! How could I have been so foolish, Maude, in trusting any friend of
hers? Looking at the bright side, though, I did enjoy riding in his car.

I wish you were here. You always knew just what to say.

Love,

Emily

I put down my pen, packed my journal in my bag, and made my way to class
early. How pathetic it felt to be early to my first class on Monday. It was
almost unnatural. In fact, I thought my teacher would have an attack of some
sort when he looked up to see me enter the classroom.

“Uh, Miss Stanton?” he asked, adjusting his glasses.

“Good morning, Dr. Moore.” I smiled, trying to act as if my early appearance
was a common occurrence, but I wasn’t fooling anyone.

He grinned in reply and asked, “Feel okay?”

“Yeah, I’m just eager to hear your next lecture.”

He let out a bark, similar to a seal’s, and went back to reviewing his notes.

“Sociology 405: The Study & Interpretation of Victorian & Edwardian Social
Norms.” Even Dr. Moore was bored with that one. His voice seldom deviated by
an octave, and instead of bringing the subject to life, he generally killed it
in numerous ways throughout his Sermons on the Mount, as I affectionately
termed his lectures. It was definitely my least favorite class, and I seldom
made it there on-time, let alone early.

Now, with plenty of time to kill, I took out my overpriced text book and began
to look at the pictures. I had spent the entire semester prior to that reading
only the assigned text, and giving little thought to it or the pictures on the
pages. I only wanted to finish my homework, so it came as a shock to me that
the book actually looked and sounded fairly interesting.

_Way to think that in April!_ I scolded myself as I continued to flip through
the pages.

Periodically, I lifted my head from the book to study my teacher. I had always
referred to him as Dr. Moore-Neither-Nor, because he was neither a short nor a
tall man, neither young nor old, neither attractive nor unattractive, etc. And
he always dressed the part, wearing clothes to match the time period he was
lecturing about; I considered that the neither-here-nor-there portion of his
look. He also wrote the name of his “outfit of the day” on the board, often
including the name of the hat, hairstyle, mustache, etc. On that particular
Monday, the board bore “The Norfolk Suit,” which, as my text book illustrated,
included a tweed jacket and knickerbockers “worn for hunting and other
sports.”

_What? No mustache or hat?_ I observed my bare-headed, clean-shaven professor.

Dr. Moore began every lecture by describing his outfit in detail. Of course
all of that fashion information was on the test, and we were expected to match
the ensembles with the lectures for which he wore them. Normally, I would have
just written down the name and description of the thing and taken a picture
with my phone, but that day, I actually studied his clothes.

“Crazy,” I mumbled. “Where does he get these outfits? They always look brand
new. He must have one heck of a talented tailor. It’s just…weird.” I shook my
head and went back to my textbook.

Finally, my friends started to stream into the room. Most, if not all, were
unable to pass my desk without offering some kind of comment regarding my
early arrival.

“What the…?” or, “Did you spend the night here?” or, “Forget your dorm key?”
or, my personal favorite, “Weren’t you wearing that same outfit on Friday?”

“Ha-ha.” I offered them all the same reaction as they found their way to their
seats.

The lecture came and went as I blindly took notes, while replaying Sunday in
my head. My other classes were no different. Plus, since I skipped breakfast,
I was fighting both fatigue and hunger that seemed to play against each other
and me, making me question everything that I had ever done or would do. By the
end of my last class, I was tired, hungry, and grumpy. I didn’t feel like
being in a crowded cafeteria, so I walked to the student union to find some
food.

“Why did I pick this worthless major?” I mumbled.

I ordered a bread bowl of chicken noodle soup and, tray in hand, worked my way
around the other tables toward a lonely seat in the corner.

_Comfort food,_ was my last thought.

I ate the soup, then its sourdough bowl as I stared blankly at the cheap
painting on the wall next to me.

Within a few minutes of finishing my lunch, I began to like my major again, so
I decided to go to the library. Fortunately, I had written down all my
homework assignments, and I was able to get them done by dinner time. That was
a good thing, because I was starving again.

“Meatloaf Monday.” I cringed and walked back to the student union to avoid the
noxious smell of the cafeteria.

After eating a turkey sandwich and making small talk with a freshman guy I’d
apparently met at the frat party on Friday night, my friend Fatigue returned
with a vengeance. After a quick “Bye,” I pointed my tired body in the
direction of the dorm. I chanted as I walked, thinking of Sophia. “Please
don’t be there! Please don’t be there!”

When I drew closer to the dorm, however, I saw a familiar car parked along the
curb.

Even worse!

I crossed my fingers and tried to deny reality with each hopeful step.

A crowd soon gathered outside the dorm, mostly guys, milling around the curb
with their hands in their pockets, looking at each other in silent amazement.
The group grew so large that they eventually blocked the street and its
contents, but I knew what was there. Rather than avoid its epicenter, I took a
deep breath and confidently excused my way through the throng, until I was
standing face to face with Gerd, who was holding court with his new admirers.
All eyes were on me.

“Hi.” Gerd’s voice was calm, almost soothing.

“Hi,” I said, struggling to speak around the lump that had jumped into my
throat.

“Would you like to go for a ride?” he asked.

I looked up at him and noticed the blue eyes that practically pierced through
me at dinner on Saturday were less blue, similar to a faded pair of jeans—a
favorite pair that had been worn over and over and over again. I was lost in
their comfort and couldn’t say no. “Sure.” I finally answered, then let him
lead me toward the passenger seat.

“Later, gentlemen!” He looked over his shoulder as he walked around the back
to the driver side.

I loved the smell of his car. The combination of his cologne and the leather
seats drove me crazy; it was an unwelcome feeling I didn’t expect. We drove in
silence to a park near the school.

Gerd pulled up to the curb, turned off the engine, and faced me. “I’m sorry
for being such a jerk.”

_“Jerk” is an understatement_! I just glared as he paused to test the waters.

He shook his head. “I’m so sorry, Emily. I had a last-minute meeting yesterday
morning, and I was running late. I tried to contact Sophia for your number but
couldn’t reach her. She returned my calls once she collected her charger…just
after you informed her about a certain paper.”

I noticed a twinkle in his eyes.

“That was impressive, Emily. I’ve never known anyone outside the family circle
to stand up to Sophia and win. I took you for the quiet and shy type, but I
guess you’re a sleeper. I didn’t expect that. You’re just…different,” he
added.

_Great._ I cringed.

“I mean that in a good way. I’m tired of girls like Sophia. They’re extremely
selfish, but they seem to be the only kind I ever meet. Then you came along,
and…” He paused and stared at me for several seconds. “I don’t know what to do
with you. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you ever since I met you.
You’re beautiful, funny, smart…shy, I thought. It threw me off that you’re so
unpredictable, but I like that too. You’re just so…unexpected. I’ve never met
anyone like you, and I don’t know how to be when I’m around you.”

“Try being yourself,” I said.

“It’s not that easy.”

“Why?”

“Because I grew up in a world that expects a lot from me. Being myself has
never been acceptable. It’s simply not.”

“Excuse me?”

“See, now you don’t know what to do with _me_ either.”

_I can use my imagination…_ The thought took me by surprise and brought a __
cough and a stifled laugh that finally cleared the lump from my throat.
Fortunately, I quickly recovered and asked, “Do you always blow off girls you
find different and impressive?”

A grin settled in the corners of his mouth. “I’m not easily impressed.”

“That doesn’t answer my question.”

Gerd grew serious and stared out the window for several seconds before turning
to me. “You’re clearly not like Sophia at all. For the life of me, I couldn’t
figure out why you’d be her friend, but then, when I discovered exactly why
you were invited to dinner…Well, let’s just say I was so surprised that I was
speechless. I’m more than just impressed or even curious. I admire you.” He
shook his head. “Emily, I didn’t purposely avoid you yesterday. I had every
intention of calling you as soon as I received your number from Sophia, but my
life is fairly complicated, and…I guess I just needed time to think.”

“What was there to think about?” I asked, growing impatient. _Was it too
difficult to decide between scrambled or fried eggs?_

“Em, I originally invited you to breakfast because I just wanted to get to
know you. I didn’t expect to find myself liking you before our date even
occurred.” He made eye contact and held me there, taking my hands in his. “But
I do…very much.”

I thought I would die. I didn’t, and fortunately, I was also too tired to
blush. “I like you too.” Suddenly, all the hurt, anger, and frustration that
had accumulated during the past twenty-four hours faded away; mere memories in
my exhausted mind.

Then, the unthinkable happened: Gerd kissed me.

Sadly, it was my first kiss. Although my experience was lacking, I felt pretty
confident that he knew what he was doing, and I was more than willing to be
educated. Unlike my sociology class, I instantly liked the subject matter, as
well as my professor and his wardrobe. I really wanted an A, so the professor
continued to teach, and I continued to learn.

I had no idea how much time passed. I felt as though I was living in a vacuum
that held time like a prisoner. I had no sense of it or need for it—until his
phone rang and jolted us both back to reality.

“Sorry, I have to take this,” Gerd said, then reached into his pocket.
“Hello?” He smiled and rubbed my leg as he talked to the person on the other
end.

My mind went blank while I let my head fall back against the seat and tried to
stare out the fogged-up windows.

Once his conversation was finished, he paused before saying, “Sorry, Em, but I
have to go to a meeting.”

“Now? Do you really?” I didn’t try to hide my disappointment.

“Yes, that’s why I’m in town.”

“What do you do?” I asked, realizing I hadn’t inquired about his career
earlier.

“I’m in acquisitions.” He quickly changed the subject. “I will try to call you
later.”

I was suddenly aware that our make out session had consumed what little energy
I had left. “That would be nice, but I’m kind of tired and will probably be
asleep.”

“Tomorrow, then?” he asked.

I just smiled, too tired to raise my head off the headrest. He started the
engine and drove me to our usual curb outside the dorm. I removed my head from
the rest and tried to keep it from bobbing toward my lap as he exited the car
to open my door.

Gerd offered his hand, and I stepped out into the newly formed crowd of guys
who began to surround the car. He lightly closed the door and accompanied me
to the elevator, where I pressed the up button and stood facing the door.

We waited in the lobby, standing side by side and still holding hands, while
the elevator dinged its way down the shaft.

Then, he put his free arm around my waist and turned me toward him. “Thank you
for letting me explain myself. I never meant to hurt you. I just didn’t know
what to do.”

_And now, neither do I_.

Before I could give my thoughts away, the elevator doors whooshed open. The
surprise was just enough of a distraction for him to loosen his hold, allowing
me to take a step away from him. Before he could reclaim his embrace, I
quickly kissed him goodnight, hurried into the elevator, and pushed the fifth
floor button.

When I arrived, Sophia was asleep in our room, softly snoring.

_She looks like an angel…yeah, a fallen one, with horns and a pitchfork_.

I walked over to my desk to write in my journal. Even though I was too
exhausted to make much sense, I had to tell someone about Gerd, and Maude was
always there for me.

Monday, April 9, 2012, Cont.,

Dear Maude,

Okay, so I guess I’m not the pathetic loser I thought I was. Gerd really does
like me after all. He met me after school, and we went for a drive and talked.
Apparently, he didn’t expect to like me so much—it threw him off his game.
Regardless, a phone call would have been nice. I suppose I accepted his
apology, because we made out! Yes, go on and rub your eyes and read that
again. I made out with someone…for the first time. I know, it’s unbelievable,
but it happened. I can’t believe it myself. I still don’t know what to think,
but I do know that I’m definitely not throwing my future away for this guy or
any other. Still, it was really nice. I’m sorry Maude, but I’m pooped, so
that’s all the kissing and telling you’re going to get tonight.

Thanks for reading.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Four
Chapter Four{{{1
# Chapter Four

**BEING A SENIOR** in the spring semester definitely came with its advantages.
The heavy load of courses and summer school I had taken my previous three
years had led up to that moment—I only needed three classes to graduate. Since
the demands of school were not as great, I had more free time to spend with
Gerd, and he extended his business trip to be with me. My misgivings about him
faded long before our second real date, and his charm and good looks kept me
from revisiting our rough beginning. The sight of his car parked alongside the
curb outside my dorm became such a common occurrence that his entourage of
fans dwindled to nothing within a few weeks.

Even my relationship with my roommate improved; shockingly, my nemesis became
my best friend, and I actually stopped calling her The Loaf. When I wasn’t
with Gerd, I spent the remainder of my time with Sophia, who started taking me
everywhere with her, similar to a dog in a purse. She panicked whenever she
couldn’t get in touch with me and literally cried when I made plans that
didn’t include her. I joked about being her boyfriend substitute; worse, she
shared so much of her wardrobe with me that I looked like her twin—or some
kind of charity case. Still, I was too in love with Gerd to question her
motives.

In fact, I was so swept up in the moment that I failed to do what Maude had
stressed so strongly when I was younger: “Always step back and survey your
landscape, or it might swallow you whole,” and, “Don’t lose yourself, Toots!”

Failing to heed her sage wisdom, I didn’t stop once to survey or question
anything. All of that went out the window every time Gerd and that smile of
his whisked me off to the next dinner party or out-of-towner. He seemed to
know everyone, and I got to know them as well. I allowed myself to be
swallowed whole, but I loved every minute.

That all ended a day before graduation, however, when a phone call jerked me
back to reality.

“Hello?” I answered absently. I was in my dorm room, trying to pack the last
few boxes to be stored until I found an apartment.

“Treasure?” Mom always said that a young life was like a treasure chest—a
trove of invaluable potential. The women in my family were full of such
sayings. Wisdom aside, however, like most mothers throughout time, mine seemed
to find the worst possible moments to call.

“Oh, hi Mom.” I was less than enthused and my voice betrayed my impatience.

“Oh, sorry to bother…” Her voice cracked.

“Mom? What’s the matter?”

“Well, sweetheart, it’s Papa Bob.”

I found an open spot on my bed and sat on it. “Is he okay?” I asked, dreading
the answer.

“No, he’s had a heart attack.”

I couldn’t speak.

“He’s gone, baby.”

“No, he can’t be! You’re all coming to my graduation tomorrow.”

“I’m sorry…” she broke off again. After a minute, she continued, “I’m sorry
about your graduation, baby.”

“I don’t care about that. I’m not going either.”

“Oh, but you must!”

“What!? How can I go now?”

“Sweetheart, Papa was so proud of you! He would be so upset to know you
skipped your graduation because of him.”

I knew she was right. I could almost picture the discouraged look on his face
and hear his big voice booming from the depths of his thick beard, _“Go on,
girl, or I’ll bite you!”_ Papa Bob always resembled and tried to act like a
grizzly bear, but he was really more of a teddy bear. I missed him already.

“I guess I don’t want to get bitten,” I said, my voice tight. Tears streamed
down my cheeks.

Mom let out a small laugh at the other end, unable to speak.

I gave it a few seconds, then asked, “Mom?”

“Yeah, honey?”

“Where was he?”

“Fishing.”

If there was one thing Papa Bob loved just slightly less than his family, it
was fly fishing. Now, I couldn’t speak.

“I’ll call you later?” Mom asked.

“O-Okay,” I choked out and hung up the phone.

I sat on my bed for what seemed like hours, looking around my room, now
distorted by my tears. Papa Bob’s death seemed to put the last few months back
into perspective. I felt as if I were on the outside looking in, and I didn’t
recognize what I saw or who I was becoming.

I eventually went over to the sink to look in the mirror. The red, makeup-
smeared, swollen face that stared back at me looked like that of a stranger. I
washed the teary trails off my face and walked back over to my boxes.

I spent the next hour sobbing and talking to myself, while trying to pack the
rest of my things before Gerd arrived with a truck.

“I can’t believe I didn’t go home for his birthday,” I said, remembering the
disappointment in Papa Bob’s voice when I told him that I couldn’t make it. I
cried and relived the guilt I felt. “I could have gone. I didn’t need to go to
that stupid party with Gerd! And Papa was so sweet when he said, ‘It’s okay,
Goldilocks. Papa Bear will catch up with you next time.’”

That was our last conversation.

I sat on the floor next to the stack of boxes and cried until Gerd arrived.

When he stepped through the doorway and saw me there, he immediately ran to my
side. “Are you okay, Em? Did you hurt yourself?”

The look of concern on his face was so genuine that I couldn’t help but throw
my arms around his neck and draw him close to me. He nearly knocked me over as
he fought to keep his own balance. After a few minutes, I released him and
stared into his pale face that still showed visible signs of concern.

“What happened?” he asked.

“Papa Bob is…gone,” was all I could offer.

He held me for several minutes before whispering in my ear, “We can do this
later.”

“No, you rented a truck and everything.”

“Well, I can rent a truck and everything again later.” He gently wiped the
tears from my face with his thumbs.

“No, I want to get this over-with.”

“Let me take care of it, Em. You just relax, and I’ll be back when I’m
finished.”

“You would do that?”

He rolled his eyes and just stared at me until I found my manners.

“Thank you. I would love that.”

With the help of a dolly and two muscle-clad helpers who were waiting in the
hallway, Gerd removed my boxes in two loads.

After he left, I looked around my room. It was supposed to be one of the last
remaining pieces of my childhood before I had to move on to the real world, as
my professors loved to call it, but I was too upset about Papa Bob to be
sentimental about the room or my childhood.

_I wish I cared, but I just don’t._ I looked through my drawers and closet one
last time.

I stared at the garment bag in my wardrobe that contained my cap, gown, dress,
and shoes for graduation. “I’m glad I separated these from the things Gerd
took.” Then I froze, realizing that I had nothing at home suitable to wear to
Papa Bob’s funeral.

I was too distraught to make useful decisions, especially regarding fashion.
So I did the only thing I could—I decided to call my roommate. As soon as I
hit the talk button on my phone, the door burst open, and Sophia ran in and
hugged me.

“Gerd just told me. I came as fast as I could.” Her face was as pale as Gerd’s
was earlier. “You look…” she stopped herself. “Uh, let me fix your face.” She
pushed me toward my desk, and I sat in an all too familiar pose as she worked
to reduce my red, puffy eyes.

“Don’t do too much—I’ll just lose it.”

She tried to sound cheery. “No worries, just a little bit.”

Once I started dating Gerd, Sophia treated me more like a favorite sister than
an enemy. She even stopped hanging around her friends and began to get to know
mine. My friend Matt tried to date her until he realized that his beat-up
pickup truck would never win her over; I couldn’t blame him for trying,
though.

“Done!” she said, then showed me my face in her pocket mirror.

I was amazed, as usual, at her handiwork. “Thanks.” I made eye contact with
her for the first time in days and noticed how much older she was looking.

She turned away as if she could read my mind and began to survey our empty
room. “How depressing. I’m glad I moved last weekend. We need to get out of
here. Let’s go to the hotel. We can meet Gerd there when he’s done.”

“Soph?”

“Yes, my dear?”

“Can we please go shopping?”

“Shopping?” Her eyes flew wide in amazement. Most of our shopping trips
consisted of her dragging me along as if I were a leashed dog being forced to
visit the vet. My actually asking her to go wasn’t just rare; it was
unthinkable.

“Yeah, I need something to wear to Papa Bob’s funeral.”

“I know just the store.” She grabbed me by the wrist and pulled me from the
chair before I could change my mind.

Without further discussion, I took my garment bag and purse and closed the
door to my childhood.

Despite my objections, we drove Sophia’s extremely expensive luxury graduation
present to her favorite overpriced store at the mall. I later wished I had
just asked my mom to dig something out of her closet for me instead.

In the shop, Sophia confidently ran the show, handing me black outfits over
the top of the dressing room door. I modeled each and was sent back to change
until a satisfactory choice was made—by Sophia.

Once shoes and a purse were added, I was well beyond the limits of my checking
account. Therefore, in the confines of the changing room, I discreetly dug
through my purse and found the credit card Papa Bob had given me as a freshman
for emergencies. _This definitely qualifies_. But I didn’t stop to think how
the outfit would be received at home, especially when the credit card bill
arrived.

I handed the dress, shoes, and purse to the waiting clerk, who walked them to
the front, where Sophia stood with her credit card out.

“Wait!” I said, almost running to the counter. “What are you doing?”

“Don’t argue with me on this, Em. What kind of friend would I be if I let you
pay?”

She turned away and made small talk with the clerk, who neatly folded and
boxed my outfit and placed it into several fancy shopping bags.

I had joked about being her charity case the first time I received clothes
from Sophia, but the joke seemed to be on me now. Although I couldn’t afford
to buy them myself, I was growing tired of getting her donations. She had just
paid more for my outfit than I had spent on my textbooks for the previous two
semesters. I felt as though I needed to make a cardboard sign with a catchy
phrase on it: “ _Serious Wardrobe Issues. Inquire Within_!” If I wasn’t her
charity case, I was at least her toy—the “Emily” doll she received for
Christmas. Either way, I felt empty and alone whenever I spent too much time
with her.

“Thank you,” I said politely, nonetheless.

“Of course!” She squeezed my shoulders from the side.

I was quiet during our drive to the hotel, drowning out Sophia as she
chattered about her new boyfriend, Nigel, whom she’d met over spring break in
Majorca.

“I was dating Nathan when we met, so I completely forgot how gorgeous Nigel
was until he came to town on business…blah, blah, blah…”

I just stared out the window.

The rest of the day was spent with two rich kids, attempting to console me
despite the fact that they had never experienced a strong connection with
anything other than money in their lives. I appreciated the effort, but they
were no comfort, so I decided to go to bed early.

The next day’s commencement ceremony was long and uneventful. The hot
auditorium was stuffed to the rafters with the pride of both families and
students, who erupted in loud appreciation as each name was called. Papa Bob
had talked about that day since I was little, making it seem as if it would be
one of the greatest of my life. Now, I just wanted it to be over. I received
more applause than I expected and returned to my seat afterward, feeling as if
a hole had been drilled into my heart, one that would never be filled.

When they finally dismissed us, I fought through the crowd of my robed
classmates and their well-wishers in search of fresh air. I didn’t bother
finding Gerd. I needed to get away from the mob of smiling faces and all of
that happiness. It only made the hole in my heart bigger.

Gerd finally found me alone on a bench near the entrance, staring into a
nearby fountain. He sat down next to me. “Emily?”

I turned toward his voice.

“I’ve been worried about you.”

I simply nodded.

“Would you be interested in having dinner with Sophia and George?”

I shook my head.

“Okay. Wait here, and I’ll let them know. I’m sure they’ll understand.”

I didn’t care either way, so after he left, I went back to staring at the
fountain.

When he returned, I followed him, almost mechanically, to his car. We embarked
on an early, nearly silent drive to the airport so I could catch my flight to
Portland, then home to St. Helens, Oregon.

He walked me to the terminal, holding my hand and carrying the shopping bags
that contained my expensive funeral outfit, as well as my cap and gown. I felt
as if I were floating on a cloud, oblivious to everyone around me, including
Gerd.

Right before the security checkpoint, he grabbed me around the waist and
pulled me toward him. He held me there as other passengers walked around us,
the younger ones giggling to each other. Then he kissed me as if we had never
kissed before. It was long, sweet, and amazing, and the crowd around us seemed
to disappear. After several interruptions by onlookers who couldn’t seem to
resist bumping us, he stared at me and said, “I’ll miss you.”

“Me too.” I smiled as I took the shopping bags from him, but I wasn’t sure how
genuine the words were. “I’d better go,” I said, nodding to the line that had
grown much larger since we arrived.

He smiled, kissed me again, and let me go.

“Bye, Gerd,” I said and walked toward the end of the line. I turned around to
wave once, but he had already disappeared into the sea of travelers behind me.
It had all happened so fast that it didn’t occur to me, until I was buckled
into my seat, to wonder why he hadn’t come with me.

In the air, I pulled my journal out of my purse and wrote:

Saturday, May 19, 2012

Dear Maude,

I’m sorry I haven’t written in a while. I’ve been dating Gerd and seem to have
ignored your advice. Instead, I let myself be swallowed whole.

Now, I’m on a plane, heading back home after graduation. This is the first
time I’ve been alone in weeks. I didn’t realize how I missed it until now. You
always said, “It’s all in the details, Toots!” I guess I’ve let the details
slide lately. It’s nice to finally relax and think about them.

Papa Bob is with you now, but I guess you already know that. He was going to
take a fishing vacation after my graduation to catch the May Fly Hatch on the
Deschutes River. Please tell him I’m sorry he had to miss it. But I’m sure
he’s busy catching his limit on some other river there, with his old lab,
Buddy, and Rex, his hound dog. Tell him, too, that I miss him, and I’m sorry
for not being there for him on his birthday. I have no excuse. I won’t miss
another one, even though I will have to celebrate it without him.

Sorry, Maude, for not writing more often.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Five
Chapter Five{{{1
# Chapter Five

**NANA ROSIE STOOD** slightly less than five feet tall but more than made up
for her size with her mouth. She packed a verbal punch that few dared to
counter. Most of her opponents were chewed up and spat out before they even
knew the bell rang. She was also steady as a rock; she was my hero. The day of
Papa Bob’s funeral was no exception. She ordered everyone around in her
unshakeable manner that left only a courageous few the will to feel sympathy
for her.

“When you cry, I make pie,” Nana was known to say.

So I suppose that is why it came as such a shock to everyone when, two days
after Papa Bob’s funeral, Mom went to wake Nana from a nap and discovered that
she had passed away in her sleep.

Just like that, the death of my childhood was complete.

For my mom, losing her parents less than a week apart seemed to only make her
stronger. The enormous shoulders of her boyfriend, Tom, didn’t hurt either.
Mom and Tom met in a glass-blowing class and had “co-habbed,” as they called
it, since I was twelve. They eventually made a business of producing their
blown-glass artwork and dinnerware in a studio they named Glass-A-Fras,
located behind my grandparents’ house in St. Helens. Therefore, a few days
after the funerals, Mom and Tom decided to pick up the pieces and go back to
work.

I was horrified. “How can you just go on as if nothing happened?” I asked,
making a scene by storming into their studio.

Mom calmly put down her tools and stared at me, and Tom did as he always did
in such situations: He stopped what he was doing and left.

She waited a few seconds before responding, “Is that what you think?”

“How can I not?” I was further enraged by her calmness. “You’re just acting as
though it’s a regular day.”

“Sit down.” She motioned to the chair next to her.

“I’ll stand.”

She calmly picked up her tools and went back to work.

“Fine!” I said, exhaling and dramatically scraping the chair across the floor
as I pulled it closer to where I was standing.

Once I was seated, she again put down her tools and looked at me.

I glared back, prepared for battle. Instead, I was met by an overwhelming
sadness in her eyes. It was deep, yet it hung on the surface like a leaf on a
pond. My anger immediately vanished. _What a selfish brat I am, burdening my
dear mother with even more pain!_ I burst into tears and ran to her, kneeling
and burying my head in her lap as I had done when I was a child. She stroked
my hair as I sobbed uncontrollably all over her smock. “I-I’m sorry,” I
blubbered. “This just doesn’t make any sense! Papa Bob was…so strong,” I
sputtered like one of Maude’s old cars. “And Nana Rosie?” I recovered
slightly. “Everyone in her family lives close to one hundred years. How could
she die at sixty-five?”

“No one is immortal, hun.” She continued to stroke my hair.

“I know this, Mom, but it doesn’t make any sense…and the whole broken-heart
thing just doesn’t work either. How can someone who stitches her own wounds
die of a broken heart?” I referred to the time Nana Rosie cut herself while
camping and sutured the wound herself rather than ending the vacation early
with a trip to the emergency room. She didn’t tell anyone until we returned
home.

Mom sniffed. “I don’t get it either, but it is the hand we’ve been dealt.”

“What?” I quickly removed my head from her lap and leaned back on my knees,
unable to accept her words.

“Emily Rose!” At that point, I knew I’d gone too far. Mom seldom called me by
my first name, let alone with the addition of the middle one. “Stop it! I
can’t ask those questions right now. I just can’t! I’m having enough trouble
coping, without the why’s invading my brain. They were _my_ parents, you
know.”

“I’m sorry, I just—”

“Drop it!”

I did.

Mom once again picked up her tools, and I went back to my chair and pulled it
closer to her, while attempting to dry my eyes with the sleeve of my shirt.

She handed me a clean cloth from the pile next to her. “The problem, Sweets,
is that you have too much nothing going on. You need to change your focus and
get back to work.”

“But I just—”

“No buts, missy. You need to start that job of yours.”

_My job_. The thought had been burning a hole in the back of my brain for the
previous few months. Part of the terms of my scholarship were that, after
graduation, I had to work for four years for the company that funded the
scholarship, Evergreen Research Corporation. It seemed a good idea at the time
I enrolled, when I was unable to pay for college on my own, but now it loomed
like a black cloud over my head. Evergreen specialized in researching past
societies and lost civilizations, and it employed their scholarship recipients
from colleges around the world. They told us little else about the company.
So, like it or not, I was contractually obligated to blindly jump into the
abyss. I felt as if my degree should have come with a “sucker” tattoo for my
forehead.

“Mom, do you think I made a mistake?” I finally asked.

She turned away from her work to look at me. “Do _you_?”

“I don’t know.” But I wondered.

“Personally, Treasure, I think that you made the best decision you could have
with the knowledge you possessed at the time. Four years isn’t forever.” She
tried to smile.

“No, you’re right. It just feels as though it is.”

She laughed. “Well, at twenty-two, I guess you’re right.”

“I love you, Mom.”

“I love you too, Em.” She stopped her work long enough to give me a big hug.
“I’m proud of you, just as your Papa and Nana were.”

“Thanks.” I felt the tears begin to well up again. “I’m proud of you too.”

She smiled, trying to look tough. “Now go and pack.”

As I left, I turned to see her pull a cloth off the table to dry her own eyes.
I closed the door, gently that time, and walked up the path toward the house.
I found Tom in my grandparents’ kitchen, leaning against the counter and
drinking coffee.

“Hi,” he said, offering a wary smile, obviously testing the waters.

“Hey.” I tried to smile back. “You better take care of her,” I added in a
failed attempt to make it sound like an order.

He put his cup on the counter and walked toward me. “I always do.” Then he
grabbed my arm and pulled me into a hug.

Tom was tall and thin and shaved more often than most men in my family,
allowing the world a clear view of his ruggedly handsome face. His kind, hazel
eyes always seemed to have some form of mischief dancing in the corners, and
the quiet strength he showed in the middle of our family chaos was often the
glue that held our lives together. He always tried harder than I did at our
relationship. I never gave him enough credit for that or the fact that he was
a good man and always treated my mother with respect. My father was not in the
picture; in fact, I’d never met the man, so Tom was the closest thing I ever
had to one. I couldn’t have wished for a better father figure.

“Thank you, Tom,” I said, then kissed him on the cheek.

His look of surprise was priceless. “You Stanton women are all the same, tough
on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.”

I slapped him on the arm and made my way to my room to pack.

“Always leaving me in a state of confusion!” he called after me.

“Is that a state or a country?” I yelled from the hallway.

I heard him laugh just before the screen door slammed, his footsteps fading as
he walked back to the studio.

I shook my head as I entered my bedroom. “I’m going to miss him.”

My room had always been my refuge from the outside world. My sleigh bed stood
along one wall like a beacon. It was my ticket to everywhere. I read there,
studied there, dreamt there, and cried there. It was covered with one of Nana
Rosie’s homemade quilts. I loved that bed and everything in that room. It was
mine until Mom and I moved with Tom into a house about a quarter-mile down the
road, but Nana Rosie kept it just the way I’d left it. As a teenager, when Mom
and I fought and I ran off, everyone knew where to look first.

“I’m going to miss you too.” I scanned the room, making a mental video as I
went.

It was then that I remembered I had only brought shopping bags instead of a
suitcase on the plane, so I left my room and climbed the attic stairs in
search of something else into which I could pack my things.

To me, the attic was a secret wonderland, filled with boxes and trunks just
waiting to be opened, to allow the adventure to begin. As a child, I had spent
many rainy days in that dusty place, lost in its possibilities, so my search
for a suitcase ended up taking most of what remained of the day.

Without exception, the most priceless artifact was the Maude trunk. It was an
enormous steamer truck, covered with travel stickers and the name “Maude
Beckwith” stenciled across either end, just above the handles. It had
fascinated me since Nana Rosie had first shown it to me, back when I was about
four.

“This is Maude’s trunk,” Nana had said.

Maude was Nana’s aunt, her father’s sister, whose name was really Elizabeth.

“Just call me Maude,” she had announced one day when she was ten. No one knew
why, but they did know to simply accept her new name rather than waste a
considerable amount of their day trying unsuccessfully to convince her
otherwise. That was also why no one dared call her Aunt Maude.

Like Nana, she was short on size but long on personality.

“She flapped her way through life!” Nana always smiled, recalling Maude’s wild
ways.

In her later years, Maude lived in the house that would become Mom and Tom’s
studio—not because her health was in question, but because she insisted on
driving her enormous 1957 convertible Cadillac through the streets of Portland
at speeds exceeding her diminishing reflexes. After the second hit-and-run,
the family stepped in to avoid seeing her thrown in jail. The spare house on
her favorite niece’s property seemed to be the best solution for keeping an
eye on her.

“Well, at least I gave all those prunes something to talk about,” she always
said in her own defense.

As in all things, Maude made the best of the situation. She decorated the
small one-bedroom house with souvenirs of her life. Every free inch of wall,
shelving, and floor space was covered with a kaleidoscope of artwork, books,
music, tapestries, antiques, and other “kitsch,” as she called it. It was an
amazing tribute to her life.

She died when I was fifteen, and everything in her house that wasn’t passed on
to someone in the family was moved into Nana and Papa’s attic. Her trunk took
up too much space in her tiny house, so it was stored in the attic long before
her other belongings joined it.

My memory of Maude grew stronger and put a smile on my face as I waded through
the dust and cobwebs of the attic to finally sit on her trunk, surrounded by
her things. I had always wanted to open the trunk, but it was locked—chained
and locked.

“What’s this?” I remembered asking Nana the first time I saw the trunk,
referring to the antique lock and chains surrounding it.

“A lock.”

“Why?” My small eyes couldn’t stop staring at it.

“Because big secrets need a big lock,” was all she would say.

As a child, that seemed reasonable enough, but as I grew older, I wasn’t
satisfied with that answer.

Shortly before Maude passed away, I asked, “Why is your trunk locked, Maude?”

A lost look came over her, one that worried me until she finally looked me in
the eyes. “Toots, some day your mama will know.” Then she cradled my face
between her frail hands. “And that will make her feel better.”

“But what about me?” I asked, completely confused.

“You’ll feel better, too, my little jitterbug!” She planted a shaky kiss on my
forehead.

She always seemed to speak to me in riddles.

“She wants you to think,” Mom often said about Maude, but I was sure that was
only part of the story.

Sitting alone on her trunk in the attic, I felt the uncontrollable urge to
pick the lock. I had no idea how, but I had witnessed it many times in movies.
“How hard could it be?”

I rummaged through the attic, looking for anything I could use to accomplish
the task, but everything I found—letter openers, hairpins, hooks, and wire
hangers—failed to open the lock.

Just as I was inserting a chisel into the key hole, I heard my mom’s voice
from across the attic: “Looking for this?” She was holding up the skeleton key
she always wore on a chain around her neck.

“Uh…” I dropped the chisel. I felt as though I’d just been caught stealing
money from the change jar—the one that paid for the groceries. It was
horrible.

She walked closer to me, still holding out the key, until she was standing in
front of me. “I think this will help,” she said.

I’m sorry Mom. I came to grab a suitcase, and one thing led to another.
Anyway, I’m sorry for snooping.”

“Well, I can’t say I blame you. I tried myself, many times. That’s why the
chain is on there.” She stared down at the trunk.

“Oh!” I exhaled, relieved.

Mom looked at me and said, “The thing is, Maude gave me this key shortly
before she died, but she would only hand it over with a few promises on my
part.”

“What were they?”

“For one, that I would not open the trunk until a certain date.”

“What date is that?” I asked.

“Well, I can’t tell you.”

“Why not?”

“Because that was the second part of the promise.”

I threw my arms up in frustration. “Ugh! Will I _ever_ get to see what’s
inside?”

“Well, Maude told me that someday you’ll know what’s inside too.”

“What does that mean?”

“I have no idea, but I never break a promise…and now I’m asking you to make me
one, which is the third part of the promise I made to Maude.”

“What is it?” I asked, feeling exhausted.

“That you will never even speak of this trunk or the key to anyone no matter
how much you think you can trust them.”

Mom had only asked me to make one other promise in my lifetime, and that was
to give Tom a chance. I wasn’t so good at that one, especially early on, but I
became better as I grew older. It was my chance to make it up to her.

“I promise, but…Does Tom know?” I needed to ask.

“Well, not really. He’s only been in the attic a few times. When he asked
about my key necklace many years ago, I just told him that it was something
cool Maude gave me. It wasn’t a lie, and I still kept my promise to Maude.”

I laughed, remembering her saying something similar to me when I was younger.
Still smiling, I retrieved the chisel from the floor and stepped over to the
old tool box to replace it in the top drawer. Then, Mom and I walked together
to another part of the attic.

She pulled out an old, hard-sided suitcase from beneath a formerly white
sheet. “This was Maude’s too,” she said and handed it to me.

I was thrilled; it was a smaller version of the steamer trunk, stickers and
all. I couldn’t help but hug Mom as we walked down the attic stairs.

Saturday, June 9, 2012

Dear Maude,

Here I go again…I’m sorry for not writing sooner. You’re probably busy, too,
playing catch-up with Nana Rosie. I’m sure there’s a game or two of Pinochle
involved as well. At least Papa Bob has his fishing to keep him company.

Mom is going to be just fine, in case you were wondering. She has Tom and some
strong genes. I’m not worried.

She gave me one of your old suitcases, and I love it. Thank you! We had a nice
discussion about another piece of your luggage and your many travels. The
stickers are great, like a riddle in a good story. Since Mom is now my only
key to your many adventures, I am looking forward to sitting down with her at
a future date and learning all about them. One amazing thing about Mom is that
she is great at making good on her promises, but I’m sure you already know
that.

I’m flying back to New York to start my job in a few days. I’m nervous, so if
you can somehow send a little luck my way, I would really appreciate it.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Six
Chapter Six{{{1
# Chapter Six

**WHEN THE WHEELS** of the plane hit the tarmac, it seemed the flight was not
all that was ending. I felt as though I was returning to New York as my old
self—not the person I became while dating Gerd. The feeling was further
reinforced when I approached the baggage carousel and my beaming boyfriend.

“Hi!” His smile broadened as I reached him.

At that moment, I realized I hadn’t thought of him once when I was gone; three
weeks had elapsed, without a single thought his way. Not only did I not miss
him, but I genuinely didn’t want to see him.

“Hi.” I tried to fake a smile in return, but my discomfort was difficult to
hide.

“Everything okay?”

“Sure.”

“Well, that wasn’t so convincing,” he said with a nervous laugh.

“I’m just tired.” I threw in a sad smile, hoping to appear more believable,
and the tactic seemed to work.

“Of course. I’m so sorry. Are you hungry?”

“Maybe.”

“Well, let’s drop your things off at the hotel, then we’ll get something to
eat.”

“Sounds good.” I stared at the ground as we walked to his car.

The ride to the hotel was a quiet one. I had regressed into my former reserved
self and just stared out the window. Gerd reached over to hold my hand, and I
had to fight the impulse to pull away. I was saved a few minutes later, when
he needed to shift gears. After that, I rummaged through my purse, pulled fuzz
off my sweater, tied my shoes, and generally occupied my hands to avoid
further contact with him.

I adjusted my seatbelt and stared out the window again, criticizing myself.
_What is wrong with me? He’s still gorgeous_. I looked his direction and was
met with one of his famous smiles _. He picked me up at the airport when I’d
asked Sophia for a ride instead, so he must still be interested. Why do I feel
so weird around him?_

Although I didn’t invite him, I couldn’t get beyond the notion that he didn’t
offer to go to Papa Bob’s funeral with me. _And he hasn’t said anything about
Nana Rosie! What kind of boyfriend is he anyway?_ I fought a wave of anger. _A
selfish one!_ I masked my sudden rage with a cough into my left hand. _There.
Germs all over my hand! That should keep him from trying to hold it._

It seemed to take forever for us to arrive at the hotel, and I remained silent
until we reached the room. I was hoping to fake a headache or something
equally terminal so I wouldn’t have to spend another second with him.
Unfortunately, the gigantic suite that we entered was filled with Sophia and
dozens of shopping bags.

“Ooh! I’ve missed you so much!” She descended on me like a swarm of
Africanized honey bees. Then, without waiting for my reply, she started to
describe the outfits she’d bought me while I was gone. “Shopping alone just
isn’t the same, so I pretended you were with me and just bought what I knew
you would have if you’d been there.”

_You pick it all out anyway!_ I kept my thoughts to myself as I smiled and
gave her a big hug.

She ran for one of the bags and pulled out a black silk dress, dripping with
clear crystal beads. It was gorgeous. “Try it on!” She smiled proudly, holding
the dress in front of her like a prize.

Gerd cleared his throat. “Uh, Soph? She’s kind of tired.”

“Trust me, Gerd, no girl is ever too tired for a dress like this!” She smiled
and winked at him.

I smiled too. She was so excited that I couldn’t refuse. Although I felt like
my old, pre-Gerd self, I didn’t want her to return to the old, mean Sophia.
Therefore, I gently took the dress from her hands and carried it into the
bathroom.

While I was changing, I heard them speaking softly in the other room. The thin
walls made for great eavesdropping, so I took my time in putting on the dress
so that I could hear what they were saying.

“She’s acting weird,” Gerd said, sounding as if he were pacing the room,
almost hissing like a snake.

“Well, she lost both of her grandparents in less than a week. What do you
expect?”

“It’s more than that. She’s like…a cold fish.”

“Well, that dress should warm her up!”

“Shopping doesn’t solve the world’s problems, Soph.”

She laughed. “You’re _such_ a guy.”

There was a brief silence before I heard Sophia at the door. “Everything okay
in there?”

I had dressed while eavesdropping, without paying attention to the mirror.
Now, I looked at my reflection in utter amazement. “Yeah, I’m good.” I
couldn’t stop staring at myself in the dress. It hugged all the right places.
The sleeveless bodice was a black silk, embroidered with a flower pattern in
silver thread. The neckline was a modest v-cut, edged with clear crystal
beads. The top flowed seamlessly into the form-fitting skirt that ended
several inches above the knee, with six-inch slits up either side. The flower
pattern continued onto the skirt and was accented with crystal beads, sewn
into the pattern. It fit perfectly, almost as if it were tailored just for me.
I loved it.

Finally, I adjusted the dress, gave my hair a quick toss, and opened the
bathroom door.

Sophia’s mouth dropped, and she just stared as I exited the bathroom.

Gerd had resumed his position in the middle of the room where I left him,
pacing while focusing only at the floor, clearly agitated by the conversation
he had been having with Sophia.

“Isn’t she beautiful?” Sophia finally asked.

Her question caused Gerd to stop and look at me.

Our eyes met, and as I walked toward him, I noticed that the angry glare he
had been casting at the carpet was quickly replaced by his toothy smile. At
that moment, I knew why I felt so strange around him. It wasn’t just that he
was selfish; rather, I was truly seeing him for the first time—not as the
handsome, well-groomed, wealthy Gerd, but as the ill-tempered, spoiled little
rich boy whose charm wasn’t working.

_What a fraud!_ I approached him slowly, holding his eyes with mine, until I
stood before him. “So?”

He looked as if he didn’t know what had just hit him. “It’s…You’re gorgeous!”

“Good!” I smiled. “Now, let’s eat.” I turned away from him and toward Sophia,
who was clapping her hands and smiling broadly.

“I did good?”

“You did _great_! Are there shoes?”

She laughed and walked toward a bag filled with shoeboxes, removing them one
at a time before finding the shoes that went with the dress.

“Here.” She handed me the box.

I opened the lid that revealed a beaded pair of black heels and used Sophia’s
shoulder for balance, as I put them on. “Purse?” I asked.

Sophia smiled and searched through the remaining bags, finally producing a
black beaded purse with a long, thin shoulder strap.

I transferred my essentials into the silky interior and said, “Ready.”

Gerd just stood there, speechlessly staring at my transformation.

Sophia smiled at him and grabbed his hand, and they both followed me out of
the room.

The hotel restaurant, which only took reservations booked months in advance,
miraculously found a table for three within minutes of my arrival.

_Heck of a dress!_ I smiled as the maître d’ escorted us to his best table.

When it came time to order, I took charge, choosing several cold appetizers
involving seafood such as sushi, lox with capers, and shrimp cocktail. _Cold
fish? I’ll show him cold fish…and he can eat some while he’s at it!_

After the waiter left, Sophia leaned toward me. “Seafood night in
Stantonville?”

“Just a craving,” I said with a wink to cover the lie.

Throughout dinner, I was barely civil toward Gerd, only occasionally making
small talk with him, while engaging in lengthy, animated conversation with
Sophia.

Once Gerd paid for our outrageously expensive meal, I looked at Sophia and
said, “Let’s go dancing.”

Gerd reached in his back pocket to put his much thinner wallet away. “Aren’t
you tired?”

“I guess I found my second wind,” I said. “Maybe it’s this dress.”

We left the hotel and caught a cab to the closest nightclub where we wouldn’t
be overdressed. Sophia and I danced for hours, mainly with each other, while
Gerd fumed in a dark booth, watching our purses and downing cocktails.

After witnessing Sophia and I dancing with two affectionate, model-gorgeous
twins, Gerd reached his boiling point. “Ready?” he asked, handing my new purse
to me.

The twins clearly took offense to their dance partners being taken away and
jerked their shoulders back in protest. “Hey, buddy,” one said, “they’re with
us.”

Gerd gave Sophia her purse, and with his back to me, turned to the twins. “Are
you sure about that?”

Before the twins could offer a reply, Gerd forcefully grabbed me by the wrist
and nearly dragged me out of the club. Sophia followed, with the clickety-
clack of her heels making a racket on the wooden nightclub floors.

“Ow! Dang it, Gerd! Let go of me!” I tugged on my wrist as we exited the
building.

Furious, Gerd yanked me toward him and forced me into a waiting cab. Sophia
climbed silently in beside him and closed the door.

No one spoke until we were back at the hotel room.

“How could you humiliate me like that?” he demanded as he slammed the door.

“Goodnight.” Sophia said, escaping to one of the rooms in the suite.

“Humiliate you? And just how did I do that?” I asked, staring into his crimson
face.

“By dancing with those buffoons!”

“Well, nothing was stopping _you_ from dancing with me.”

“Right, as if I enjoy dancing with two drunk girls making fools of
themselves!”

“Thanks for noticing that I didn’t have anything to drink all night!” I
screamed.

“Uh…” he stuttered, clearly losing his momentum in the debate.

“Oh, that’s right. You were too busy being humiliated and drinking alone in
the corner!” I said, on a roll.

“But—”

I was now within inches of his stammering face. “Tell you what, Gerd. Let me
save you any further embarrassment by breaking up with you!”

“No, wait. I just…I didn’t—”

“Actually, you _did_. Goodbye, Gerd.”

I went to grab my purse and suitcase, when Sophia burst out of her room.
“Nooo! You can’t break up! Nooo!”

“Soph?”

She ran toward me. “Please, Em! You just can’t. It’ll ruin everything!”

“What is that supposed to mean?” I asked. “Didn’t you see how he treated me at
the club, jerking me around like that?”

Gerd gave Sophia a hard stare that caused her to stop in mid-step. “Butt out,
Sophia!”

She stood there, looking from Gerd to me, then turned around and went back
into her room, closing the door behind her.

I turned back to Gerd and saw his angry eyes still burning holes in the place
where Sophia had been standing. _Wow_. W _hat a jerk!_

Gerd noticed me staring at him a little too late; he was caught for the second
time that day. Although his expression softened a bit, it would never look the
same to me. I couldn’t stand it or him. “I blew it, didn’t I?” he finally
asked.

“Yes.” I couldn’t lie.

“I’m sorry,” he said, holding my gaze in his.

“Me too.” I was too exhausted to be angry.

I, once again, tried to grab my suitcase, but Gerd stopped me.

“Don’t leave. This is Sophia’s suite. I’ll go.” He leaned to give me a kiss on
the cheek and started walking toward the door. Before he left, he put his hand
on the doorknob for several seconds without opening it, then turned to me.
“For what it’s worth, I really do care about you.”

“I know,” I said, walking toward him. _Only not as much as you care about
yourself._

“Goodbye, Emily.” His formerly enraged eyes were now tinged with sadness.

I gave him a hug. “Goodbye, Gerd.”

He opened the door and left, then closed it behind him.

I stayed up all night with the weeping, inconsolable Sophia. I tried
everything I could think of to cheer her up including saying, “Well, now you
have me all to yourself!” Nothing worked. My last thought before I finally
fell asleep was, _Why is she more upset than me?_

* * *

When I finally opened my eyes, it was past noon. I walked into the main part
of the suite and noticed that the shopping bags had been removed.

George was standing at the window and turned to smile as he heard my approach.
“Sophia has gone home. She truly loves you both and was already planning your
wedding in her head. I guess you wrecked her plans.”

That explains me ruining everything.

“She hung one of your new outfits in the bathroom. Please try to hurry. We are
already behind schedule.”

“Behind schedule?”

“Yes, I will be escorting you to Evergreen Research Corporation. Our plane is
waiting.”

Sunday, June 10, 2012

Dear Maude,

Wow! What a weird few days. I arrived back in New York and realized I really
don’t like Gerd as much as I thought I did. I guess I finally took your advice
seriously and stood back and surveyed my landscape. He’s all show. How did I
miss that? I guess I was hypnotized—swallowed whole—by his good looks and
fancy car. Deep down, I must have known something wasn’t right, because I
didn’t even think to invite him to Papa Bob’s funeral. I wanted to be alone
with my family, and I’m glad I was. Spending time at home really brought me
back to my senses. I can’t believe that I actually dated a guy like that. I
also can’t believe he wanted to date me. There was something strange about the
whole thing, something I couldn’t quite figure out. Anyway, it doesn’t matter
anymore, because we broke up.

The odd thing is that Sophia is more depressed about it than I am. I’m
actually relieved, so much so that I feel kind of guilty for not feeling worse
about it. Sophia was so upset that she left without saying goodbye. Then her
dad, George, offered to fly with me to my job. Sophia and I were going to
drive there together, so I guess he must feel obligated to get me there. Who
knows? So that’s what we’re doing now, and we didn’t exactly fly commercial.
He’s snoring, and I’m writing. Their corporate jet is really beautiful. I
don’t know much about planes, but the interior is all leather and wood-grain,
kind of like Gerd’s sports car. The bathroom has gold fixtures. It’s just
amazing.

I’ll write more when I get there.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Seven
Chapter Seven{{{1
# Chapter Seven

**OUR DESTINATION WAS** the private landing strip of Evergreen Research
Corporate Headquarters, generally referred to as The Campus. It was located in
a rural area, just a short plane ride from New York City. Unfortunately, we
landed in the dark, so I wasn’t able to take in an aerial view. _Next time._ I
hoped, anyway, as I __ stared out the window.

The landing strip was adjacent to a small terminal, where a limo awaited our
arrival. Once we were loaded into the car, we were driven down a windy, tree-
lined road for nearly half-an-hour. I fought the urge to ask, “Are we there
yet?” but I knew that George, like the old Sophia, had little or no sense of
humor, so I continued to stare quietly out the window.

Finally, we came to a clearing that was home to a large fountain containing
marble dolphin statues. It marked the end of the road, which then looped
around the fountain and rejoined itself on the other side.

Although the statues and plumes of water were massive, I nearly overlooked
them, drawn instead to the enormous Victorian-style manor on the other side of
the fountain. It seemed to be lit up like a giant Christmas tree. _Can’t miss
that!_ I shook my head, __ mesmerized by its sheer size.

“Where are we?” I asked as I continued to stare out the window.

“This is Winston Manor,” George said proudly.

My throat suddenly went dry, but I managed to ask, “You mean _your_ house?”

He laughed, clearly amused by my surprise. “Well, I share it with research.”

I was transfixed on the manor as the limo stopped at the base of the front
stairs. _It’s all in the details_. I thought of Maude and tried to keep my
mouth from gaping open.

Although it was dark, I could tell the house was one of the largest I had ever
seen. It stood at least four-stories tall, sprinkled with pointy spires of
various sizes across the roofline. Its length was difficult to measure in the
dark, but it seemed to be at least as long as two city blocks. It was massive
and extremely intimidating, and it appeared to grow in size as we came to a
stop before it.

Once we exited the limo, George gestured to the main door and said, “Shall
we?”

At the top of the stairs, we were met by a sour-faced woman whose tight bun
appeared to have contributed or possibly created her unpleasant features.
“Lord Winston, welcome back.”

Lord? What? Did I hear that correctly?

“Thank you, Claurice. This is our new guest, Miss Stanton.”

“Yes, of course. Pleased to meet you, miss.” She curtseyed slightly.

“Thank you. Nice to meet you as well.” I offered her my hand.

She shook it nervously and dropped it as soon as she was finished.

Oops. Maybe they don’t do that here.

We entered the house through massive wooden double-doors that led into a
marble-covered entryway; that portion alone was larger than most houses in my
part of the world and much fancier. I could have moved my belongings into that
space and been the envy of most. The walls were covered with a floral
wallpaper, so realistic that the flowers seemed to be growing out of them.
Mirrors, paintings, and sconces lined both sides of the entry, surrounded by
several pieces of ornately carved Victorian furniture, including a small table
and two tapestry covered chairs. Large vases, intricately painted and trimmed
in gold, decorated the hallway. The ceiling dripped with a giant crystal
chandelier that hung on a huge chain from a white, vine-patterned medallion
affixed to a stamped, copper-covered ceiling. It was amazing.

“Once you get settled,” George said, “you can join everyone for dinner in the
dining room. Someone will get you when it’s ready.”

“Thank you,” I said simply, then smiled. I didn’t know whether to call him
George or Lord Winston in front of Claurice, so I decided to leave his name
out of it.

After George left, Claurice picked up my suitcase. “Follow me.”

I let her carry it, not wanting to make the same mistake that I did with the
handshake.

Just off the entrance was a massive staircase that seemed to be more than
twice as wide as any I had ever ascended before. The dark, wooden stair rail
consisted of finely carved spindles topped with what appeared to be a single
piece of wood that ran the length of the stairway. It was larger around than I
could have grasped with both hands and was polished to a shine. _How_ g _reat
for sliding!_ I ran my fingers along it as we climbed the stairs to the third
floor.

We walked down a hallway for several minutes across runner-lined wooden
floors, passing numerous closed doors, more wallpaper, paintings, mirrors,
small tables, and chairs, until we finally stopped outside one of the doors.

“This should suit you.” Claurice opened the door with a skeleton key. She went
in ahead of me, turned on the lights, and placed my suitcase on the bed. She
handed me the key, then walked out of the room and back down the hall. “Don’t
lose it!” she said over her shoulder.

“Thank you,” I called after her, but she offered no response. “You’re
welcome,” I replied for her in a murmur, then turned my attention back to my
room.

From my spot in the doorway, I surveyed my landscape. The room was overly
decorated yet tasteful. The walls were covered with yet another pattern of
wallpaper, more delicate and less busy than those I saw walking from the front
door. I never cared for the presence of wallpaper in my world, and I spoke to
the poor walls as if they had been given a choice: “Well, it doesn’t make me
want to chuck, so I guess it will do.”

The floors were similar to those in the hallway—wood polished to a shine,
covered with gigantic tapestry patterned rugs. A beveled mirror greeted me to
the right as I walked into the room. The frame was gilded, in a vine pattern,
and it was so large it consumed most of one wall. “Better than another gaudy
piece of artwork,” I said, then turned my attention to the enormous painting
of a French landscape that covered the opposite wall. “Sadly enough, that
thing probably cost a fortune.”

An immense wardrobe loomed unwelcomingly along the wall next to the French
painting. I shakily reached out and opened the doors, expecting something to
jump out or fall on me as I pulled them free. Instead, I was met by the
shopping bags filled with the clothes Sophia had bought when I went home.

I laughed and shut the doors, then turned around to examine the bed. It was a
bulky beast of a thing, swallowing up most of the room, not at all cozy and
inviting like my one back home. I noticed that the remaining furniture was
sparse, consisting of a small dressing table and chair and two nightstands on
either side of the four-poster monster. _I think the bed ate the rest of my
furniture!_ I couldn’t look away; fearing I would be next. “Must have a
special mattress.” I pictured my grandparents’ king-sized bed and doubled it
in my head to match the monstrosity.

Next to the wardrobe stood an almost normal-sized door that led to my own
private bathroom, with the floor tiled in black and white marble. A large
curtain-covered window filled most of one wall, while the others were painted
a solid white. “No wallpaper? Thank God,” I said as I walked into the
bathroom.

A white pedestal sink occupied the space just below an oval, beveled-glass
mirror. The toilet was an old one that had a pull chain descending from a tank
located several feet above the bowl. I pulled the chain to make sure it would
flush. “It works!” I smiled, relieved.

A giant, clawfoot tub occupied the remainder of the bathroom. The only thing
missing was a shower. “Dang! Maybe they have one down the hall.”

I exited the bathroom to survey the rest of my space. Just outside and
perpendicular to the bathroom on the left, stood a wall filled with floor-to-
ceiling curtains. I found the center opening of the massive group of fabric
and pulled it apart to reveal a set of French doors, surrounded on either side
by more windows. I unlocked and opened the doors that led to a balcony
overlooking the rear of the house and the gardens below.

“Wow!” I was mesmerized by what I could see of the plants, ponds, and trees
that seemed to go on forever, continuing into the darkness.

The spell was suddenly broken, however, when I heard the sound of a throat
clearing behind me. I turned around to see a younger version of Claurice
standing in the doorway.

“I’m here to take you to dinner,” she said, without expression.

“Oh, okay. Thanks.” I closed and locked the door to the balcony and turned
toward the girl.

She motioned to the curtains. “You need to close those too.”

“Why?”

“Because the lord wants them closed,” she snapped.

It seemed an odd request, but I still closed the curtains and walked toward
the door. As I drew closer, I noticed her eyeing me up and down, focusing on
my pants.

“You can’t wear those,” she said.

I stared down at my new jeans as she walked into the room and began to rummage
through the shopping bags in my closet.

With the efficiency of Sophia, she pulled out a dress and matching sweater and
handed them to me. “I’ll wait in the hall,” she said, then closed the bedroom
door behind her.

Rather than argue, I changed into the clothes and met her in the hallway.

“Lock your door.”

“Boy, there are sure a lot of rules,” I said, shaking my head as I locked the
bedroom door with the key Claurice had given.

“Yes, and the sooner you get used to them the better.”

_Tough crowd_. I turned to look at her as we started down the hallway. “What’s
your name?”

“Sorry, it’s Catherine.”

“Hi, Catherine, I’m Emily.”

“I know,” she said and quickened her pace.

_Done. Finished. I guess that’s it. Gee, nice to meet you too_. _Aren’t
manners in the rules?_

We walked the rest of the way to dinner in silence.

The dining room, like the rest of the house, was enormous. In the center, sat
a large rectangular table that could accommodate at least fifty people. The
décor was ornate, with an abundance of lace-accented linens, gold, and carved
wood. One wall of the room held dozens of floor-to-ceiling windows, with glass
doors periodically inserted to allow access to the outside.

Catherine led me to one of the chairs and pointed to it. “Your assigned seat,
miss. You must only sit here.”

I looked for numbers or names on or near the seats and place cards on the
table, but I saw none. “How can you tell which is which?”

“Count,” she said, then walked away and sat in another seat

_Great._ _I’m the sixth from the end._ I made a mental note, then seated
myself and tried to make eye contact with the others around me. Unfortunately,
all eyes were directed at the empty, white plates in front of them. No one
said a word—not to me and not to each other. The room was almost silent, with
the exception of the staff setting up trays along one side. After several
minutes, a small bell rang, and everyone placed their napkins on their laps.

I also arranged a napkin on my lap— _Baah-Baah!—_ and kept my best sheep
imitation to myself.

Once the napkins were off the table, the staff began to serve the meal, which
first consisted of soup, then mixed vegetables and roasted lamb. Another bell
rang after all were served, and the silverware began to clink as everyone
started to eat. I watched as those around me used their silverware in ways I’d
never witnessed before, sliding their spoons across their bowls in unison,
then tipping them in the same direction to get the last drop.

I tried to imitate the others in an awkward attempt to capture the soup that
remained in the bottom. _I guess drinking from the bowl is out of the
question._

After the bowls were removed and the entrée and vegetables were served, the
bell rang again, and those around me cut their meat into small pieces and
placed them gingerly in their mouths. They chewed the lamb in an almost
calculated way and did not take their next bites until the last were
swallowed. I tried to copy them, but I couldn’t seem to master the technique
before the food grew cold. Dinner seemed to take hours, and I tired of eating
well before I actually felt full.

_Tom wouldn’t cut it here._ I pictured him talking with his mouth full of lamb
that he’d eaten with his fingers, then reaching across the table for another
helping of vegetables, all within the first five minutes of having been
served. He was usually finished before I even started to eat. _No, Tom
wouldn’t do well here at all._

After the plates were cleared, another bell sounded, and the group stood up
and left the room. I followed, hoping to finally engage in some form of
conversation with anyone who would listen. Instead, everyone walked silently
in a single-file line. When they reached the third floor, they shuffled into
their respective rooms, one after another, closing their doors behind them. In
no time, I was left in the hallway alone. I unlocked my door and went in, then
locked it behind me.

Sunday, June 10, 2012, Cont.,

Dear Maude,

I arrived at the Evergreen Research Corporate Headquarters, or The Campus,
only to discover that it’s actually the estate of Sophia’s dad, George. It is
a sprawling place, probably covering a few thousand acres. It’s outside New
York City—beyond that, I have no idea where it is, because we landed in the
dark. Aside from all the land, The Campus has an enormous Victorian mansion on
it called Winston Manor, and the staff refers to George as Lord Winston. Can
you believe it? Well, either way, the place is beyond words. I even have my
own room.

The weird thing, though, is that the people here act like robots. They’re
probably scholarship students like me, but they don’t talk or anything. They
just follow the rules and routines. It’s really kind of scary. A girl named
Catherine led me to dinner, and she acted as if she lost her personality. I
hope she finds it soon, and I really hope she doesn’t steal mine in my sleep.
Regardless, I’m going to follow your advice and fill a silent room with my
ears and not my mouth. Mum’s the word, Maude!

I’ll write more tomorrow—unless, of course, they feel the need to confiscate
my pen. I think I better start locking up my journal when I’m not using it.
They probably have a rule about that too.

Love,

Emily

P.S. _I tried to call mom after dinner, but there was no reception. Just my
luck!_


* Chapter Eight
Chapter Eight{{{1
# Chapter Eight

**SLEEPING IN THAT** gigantic bed brought back memories of nightmares from my
childhood. I imagined being swallowed up by a giant marshmallow and suffocated
in its gooey clutches. The bloated beast terrified me, so I grabbed a few
blankets and pillows off the bed and made a soft resting spot in the clawfoot
tub.

“Bullet-proof!” I said, finally able to close my eyes.

I slept straight through until morning, when the house was suddenly filled
with the loud bugling of a trumpet piped through hidden speakers throughout
the manor.

“Good God!” My voice echoed off the bathroom walls.

I climbed out of the tub and returned the blankets to “The Beast,” as I now
affectionately called the bed.

As I headed back to the tub to run my bath, I heard a knock at the door.
Before I could answer it, I saw a piece of paper sliding underneath. I picked
up the note and read it aloud, “Breakfast will be served at seven sharp.
Dresses only.”

I looked around my room for a clock but didn’t see one, so I checked the time
on my cell phone. It was already six thirty. After a quick, shallow bath and
tooth brushing, I opened the wardrobe doors and searched the shopping bags for
a dress. I found a simple green cotton one, paired it with black shoes, and
left for breakfast, remembering to lock my door behind me.

“Thank you, Sophia,” __ I whispered when I stopped to admire my outfit in a
hallway mirror. _Once again, your shopping trip saved the day._

Breakfast was as lifeless as dinner, with the exception of it being a buffet
line instead of a sit-down meal. _Gee,_ _I can’t wait for lunch_. Throughout
the entire meal, I fought an almost uncontrollable urge to squish the
scrambled eggs through my teeth and smile at the person next to me. I had to
eat quickly to avoid acting on it.

Once we were dismissed from the table, Catherine tapped me on the shoulder.
“Come with me. I need to take you to your orientation.”

I just smiled, thinking in my best robot voice, _Hell-o. My name is Cath-rine.
Please foll-ow me…_

Catherine led me out of the dining room and down a long hallway, to an arched
opening. From there we descended a dimly lit, windy, stone stairway.

“Are you taking me to the dungeon?” I asked.

Catherine simply replied with, “Hold the railing.”

_No kidding._ I already had a death-grip on the cold, iron railing, which
saved me from slipping dozens of times before finally reaching the bottom of
the stairs. There, we were greeted by an icy draft that permeated my thin
cotton dress. “It’s freezing!” I said with a shiver.

“You’ll get used to it,” Catherine said. Then, without stopping or turning to
check on my welfare, she led me down a frigid, flagstone hallway.

“If I see a rat, I’m out of here,” I said through chattering teeth.
Apparently, I was talking to myself. _Oh! There’s one. No, wait. I guess
that’s just Cath-bot! Hehe!_

The hall was sparsely lit by torch-like sconces placed sporadically throughout
the corridor. I shivered uncontrollably as we continued into the near
darkness, past rows of dusty wine bottles stacked on racks in cubbies carved
in the walls on both sides of the walkway.

“What a wine cellar,” I said to Catherine.

Again, I received no reply.

“There must be thousands of bottles here,” I added, trying to take my mind off
the cold while we walked toward a light at the end of the hallway.

As we drew closer, I realized we were approaching an elevator door. Catherine
reached it first and quickly hit the down button. Once the elevator arrived,
she silently motioned for me to board it. While I was doing so, she reached
in, hit a button, and backed away from the door.

“Aren’t you coming?” I asked.

“No, just you.”

The door closed before I could stop it. I scanned the inside of the elevator,
looking for a button to open the door, but I found none. The button Catherine
had pushed seemed to be glowing at me instead. It read, “Sub 1,” and there was
a star on it. Suddenly, adrenaline replaced my shivering.

“Always bring your pepper spray! Always bring your pepper spray!” I chanted to
myself. _No purse; no spray; no nothing! This is definitely not a story I’m
going to tell Mom…if I ever see her again_. I looked up at the blinking
numbers of the floors as they took turns lighting up the panel above the door.

Once the door opened on the designated floor, I used my foot to keep it from
closing and took a look around. The space was nothing more than a small,
concrete room, barely wider than the elevator opening, with another door just
a few steps in front of me. I nearly did the splits, keeping one foot behind
me in the elevator and the other in front, bringing me just within reach of
the other door.

When I tried to turn the knob, a female voice filled the small space with a
loud bark: “Name!”

I looked toward the sound coming from above me and noticed the video camera,
siren, flood lights, and speakers attached to the ceiling. I immediately stood
up straight and faced the door, only to hear the elevator whoosh closed behind
me. “I-I’m Emily, Emily Stanton,” I mumbled, feeling ridiculous.

“Speak up!” the voice boomed down at me.

“Emily Stanton!” I nearly shouted in reply.

I heard a buzzing sound, followed by a click, so I grabbed the knob and pushed
it open.

On the other side was a reception desk, manned by a thin, almost leathery,
older lady with her hair imprisoned by the same tight bun Claurice and
Catherine wore. She stared at me through a pair of beady, expressionless eyes.
“Yes?”

“I’m here for orientation.” I looked at her, then at the rear side of the
monitor on the desk in front of her, hoping it hadn’t captured my performance
in the entryway.

“Name?” she asked, although her voice was clearly the same one that had yelled
at me from the loudspeaker.

_Didn’t we do this already?_ I took a deep breath, thinking it wise to just
humor her. “Emily Stanton.”

“Yes, one moment.” She picked up her phone and pushed a button.

“Tim, Miss Stanton is here.” After a pause, she said, “Good, I’ll let her
know.” She looked at me while returning the phone to the receiver. “Someone
will be right with you.”

“Thank you.” I tried to be friendly, but her attention was quickly drawn to
her monitor.

The reception area was only slightly larger than the entry off the elevator
and chair less, with the exception of the receptionist’s, so I stood where I
was, hoping Tim, whoever he was, would save me soon.

A few moments later, he did rescue me, at least from the reception area.
“Hello, Miss Stanton, my name is Timothy Wilson, and I will be your
orientation coordinator.” He stood in the doorway just past the receptionist’s
desk, using his body to prop the door open.

Mr. Wilson was an unnaturally pale, middle-aged man with little to no body
fat. He was also devoid of facial hair, clearly compensating for such a loss
with an overabundance of brown, ringlet-like curls spewing from all corners of
his head. The tip of his pointy nose seemed to constantly drip unabated,
despite the ever-present white handkerchief that he kept for such occasions in
his back pocket. His thin dress shirt revealed a white undershirt beneath, and
his knit slacks seemed to be missing their shape, hanging uselessly from his
frail-looking frame.

“Nice to meet you, Mr. Wilson,” I said, hoping my lie wasn’t obvious as I
shook his clammy hand. I fought the urge to wipe mine on my dress as he made a
notation on the clipboard he was carrying.

Then he said, “Thank you” to the bunned receptionist.

I turned to thank her as well but stopped short when I glimpsed her monitor’s
clear view of the entry off the elevator. _Lovely._

We left the small room and walked down a corridor lined with doors on both
sides.

He stopped at one marked “Dr. Michaels.” Inside, I received my first of many
interviews with various specialists. In fact, my entire week was filled with
those exams, disguised as interviews, with everyone from dentists and
optometrists to psychologists and, my favorite, gynecologists.

By the time Sunday came, I was hoping for a break and a chance to catch up on
my sleep and explore the house. Instead, I awakened to a knock on my bedroom
door, followed by another note on the floor.

“Dang it,” I whined.

I climbed out of my tub-bed to retrieve the note from the floor, and read it
aloud: “A trunk is waiting for you in the hall. Please pack your things and be
ready to change rooms by eight sharp.”

“I hope Catherine isn’t my tour guide this time,” I muttered.

I opened the door to retrieve the steamer trunk on wheels. The large chest
seemed to protest at the top of its lungs as I pulled it into the room.
Relieved that I could fit it through the doorway, I celebrated by opening the
lid and staring into the disappointing emptiness. “What did you expect? I
asked and answered myself aloud, “Apparently, gold doubloons are out of the
question.”

A glance at my cellphone told me it was already a quarter past seven, so I
abandoned the trunk and quickly removed my bedding from the tub. Then I made
The Beast and took one of my efficient yet unsatisfying shallow baths.
Afterward, I found an unworn dress in the shopping bags and put it on, then
packed my dirty clothes in a bag beneath the remaining unworn outfits in the
trunk. Everything fit, including Maude’s little suitcase that I brought with
me. Once the packing was complete, I found just enough time to brush my teeth
and hair before a knock came at the door.

When I opened it, I was greeted by the first friendly face I’d come across
since my arrival.

“Hello, miss. I’m Robert,” he said, smiling. “I’ve come to fetch your trunk.”
Robert was about my age and stood a lanky six feet tall, dressed handsomely in
a black uniform suit with tails.

I smiled in return. “Pleased to meet you, Robert…and thank you. I’m Emily.”

I added my bathroom bag to the trunk and closed the lid. Then I stepped out of
the way so that he could roll the trunk on its inefficient, squeaky wheels
onto a cart he pulled in from the hall.

“Follow me please, miss,” he said, gesturing for me to exit the room.

_Happily_. I was truly grateful that Catherine wasn’t leading the way.

I followed him to an elevator at the end of the hall, and it carried us to a
lower floor. After a short walk down a hallway, we entered a different, much
more ornate wing of the manor.

At that point, I was approached by a young girl, who curtseyed and introduced
herself as “Rose.” She looked like a porcelain doll, standing less than five
feet tall, with flawless skin and perfectly symmetrical features that appeared
painted on by an experienced artist. Her giant hazel eyes were framed by
extremely long eyelashes, and her chestnut-brown hair was swept up into a bun
that was stylish, unlike the severe buns Claurice, Catherine, and the
receptionist wore. Rose belonged behind glass, part of a valuable collection,
instead of standing before me, wearing a black maid’s outfit.

“Nice to meet you, Rose,” I replied.

“I’m your maid, miss,” she said proudly.

_My maid?_ I was completely confused, but after a week of orientation, she
could have claimed to be my long-lost half-sister, and I would have been happy
to meet her. “Very good.” I just smiled, not knowing what else to say.

She smiled back and walked with me, telling me the history of the manor house
as we went. “This is the original section, miss. They began construction in
1870 and completed it in 1885. The wing you were in previously was constructed
much later, from 1895 to 1903, for the comfort of the original lord’s sporting
and social guests. They called it the ‘Bachelor’s Wing.’ He very much loved
his parties.” She spoke animatedly, almost lost in the pleasure of reciting
the information she was imparting.

“Very interesting,” I said, but I was more interested in learning why I was
being moved.

When we finally reached my new room, my questions were forgotten. The bedroom
had a similar layout to my last one, but it was at least three times the size,
with the addition of more furniture, including a writing desk and couches. The
bed was equally huge, but the mattress and blue bedspread that covered it
looked more comfortable than The Beast’s. The wardrobe was larger and deeper,
but appeared less massive, with a lighter set of ornately carved doors. Most
importantly, the bathroom had a tub with a shower. I was in heaven.

Robert deposited the trunk in front of the wardrobe and turned to leave.

“Thanks again, Robert,” I said with a smile.

He stopped and smiled back at me. “My pleasure, miss.” Then he pulled his cart
out of the room, winking at Rose in the process.

Rose acted as if she didn’t notice and just stood next to the trunk. “May I
open it, miss?”

“Sure.”

I briefly wondered why she wanted to open the trunk, but my curiosity was
drawn to the closed balcony doors behind me. I stared through the glass at the
grounds beyond, wondering if I was allowed to open the doors.

As if she could read my mind, Rose silently opened them for me. “It’s not as
chilly as it looks, is it miss?”

“Not at all.” I walked out onto the balcony, glad that the rules from the old
room didn’t apply to the new one.

It was the first fresh air I had breathed since the night of my arrival. Not
only could we not open our balcony doors or curtains in the other wing, but
they wouldn’t allow us to go outside either, and the cold silence there was
just as suffocating.

_I hope they’re not teasing me with this room!_ I shivered at the thought.

“Would you like a sweater, miss?” Rose held up a black button-up she’d just
removed from the trunk.

“No, I’m fine. Thanks, Rose.”

Still staring into the room, I realized that she had not only opened the trunk
but also emptied the contents of the shopping bags and placed the clothes on
hangers in the wardrobe.

I quickly walked into the room. “Oh, Rose! You are so sweet. You didn’t have
to do that, but thank you.”

She looked surprised. “Of course, miss. That’s what I’m here for.”

I was stunned. _Is this really happening? Is she really my personal maid?_

“Are you displeased?” Rose asked, a look of concern on her face.

“No, not at all, just enjoying your efficiency,” I replied lamely.

“Thank you, miss.” She smiled, then turned her attention back to the trunk.

When she reached my bag of dirty clothes, I interrupted, “Those aren’t clean.”

“Oh, no problem, miss. I will wash them for you.”

I thought back to my childhood and couldn’t remember a time when I didn’t do
my own laundry. Nana Rosie had insisted that I learn how to take care of
myself, and that included washing my own clothes.

“Thank you,” I said. _I could really get used to this!_

After a few more minutes of unpacking, Rose checked her watch and stood up
quickly. “Breakfast, miss?”

“Oh, good. I’m starving.” I had forgotten how hungry I was until she mentioned
the morning meal.

We left the trunk for later, and Rose led me to the doorway of the main dining
room.

“If it’s all right with you, miss, I will return to the room and continue to
unpack your things.”

“Of course, Rose. Thank you so much.”

She curtseyed and left me to my breakfast.

I slowly entered a dining room that put the one in the other wing to shame.
The wooden floors boasted an almost hypnotic pattern that remained on my eyes
as I looked into the light through the bank of windows and doors that filled
one side of the room. The walls were solid plaster, in a light yellow hue,
which complemented the many gold-framed mirrors and paintings that adorned
them. The furniture consisted of a large table topped with an inlaid pattern
of darker wood and gold, on gilded, carved legs. It was surrounded by gold-
painted chairs for a hundred or more guests, as well as couches, chairs, and
small tables scattered throughout the room. Both ends of the room contained
massive marble fireplaces, so large that a half-dozen or more adult males,
standing upright and side by side, could walk into them. In their full roaring
splendor, I was sure they would have caused most small children to run away in
horror. I was scared, and they didn’t even have wood in them.

Along the remaining inside wall, stood a long, marble-covered buffet, with
many cupboards and drawers to hold the linens, silver, crystal, and china
necessary to feed the crowd that could fill the room. That morning, the buffet
was covered with a large selection of fruit, breads and pastries, spreads,
eggs, cooked meats, potatoes, and other breakfast choices. I was in such awe
of the room and the sight of the food in front of me that I failed to notice
George sitting at the head of the table.

“Miss Stanton?” he asked in his familiar, loud way.

I jumped, turning in the direction of his voice.

“I apologize, I certainly didn’t mean to scare you.” He chuckled, clearly
pleased with himself.

I walked toward him, smiling and trying to decide how to address him. I chose
to err on the side of safety. “Lord Winston, it’s so good to see you.”

He laughed with such force that I thought I would be covered with the eggs he
had recently placed in his mouth. After he recovered, swallowed what was left,
and wiped his face with a napkin, he rose from his chair. As I drew closer, he
stepped toward me, grabbed me in a gigantic bear hug, and smiled down to me.
“George, sweetheart. George!”

“Nice to see you…George.” I tried to compose myself as I felt the blush
creeping up my neck.

He let me go and walked me back to the buffet, then handed me a plate.
“Nothing fancy for breakfast. Just help yourself.”

“Thank you.” I smiled, feeling the redness leave my face as I watched him
return to his seat.

I loaded my plate with fruit, eggs, sausage, and muffins and walked with it
toward the table. I paused when I got there, not sure where I was allowed to
sit. I feared that a wrong choice would cause George to laugh and my plate to
land upside down on the parquet floor.

Luckily, he tapped the table in front of the seat to his right, so I didn’t
have to guess.

_Phew!_ I smiled with genuine relief.

After I took my seat, a graying man in a black tuxedo-type uniform stood
beside me. “Coffee or tea, miss?”

I looked up at him, deciding that he had to be the butler. “Tea, please.”

He returned with a small teapot of hot water and a wooden box filled with an
assortment of colorfully packaged tea bags. I chose the green tea and
deposited it into my teapot, then later poured its contents into a cream-
colored, gold-trimmed teacup. The tea, as well as the food, was just as
amazing as the room I enjoyed them in.

George looked down at my nearly empty plate and smiled. “Good stuff?”

“Yes.” I smiled in reply.

I could tell he was trying to make conversation, but we had so little in
common that I wasn’t sure how to return the gesture. George and his large,
booming ways intimidated me. I preferred blending into a crowd rather than
drawing one. However, sitting next to him without speaking felt extremely
uncomfortable. Since it was my turn to say something, I chose the safest topic
I could think of and hoped for the best. “How is Sophia?”

George paused and stared at his plate for several seconds before replying,
“She’s…gone away for a while.”

I wiped my mouth with my napkin. “When will she be back?”

“Oh, I’m not sure.” He took another bite.

“Is she still upset about Gerd and me breaking up?”

His eyes went to his plate again, and he chewed his breakfast and swallowed
several times, as if he was in no hurry to answer. “Well, you know Sophia.
She’s too emotional for her own good.”

_That does sound like Sophia._ But I wasn’t satisfied. “I tried her on her
cell phone a few times but couldn’t get through.”

“Unfortunately, we’re kind of far from the city. There’s no reception here.”
He smiled again and took a sip of coffee.

“Maybe I could try calling her on the house phone?”

“Emily, for now, it is best to give her her space.” He wiped his mouth and
placed the napkin on his plate. Then, George rang a small bell beside him on
the table, and the butler returned to clear the plates.

“Thank you, Pleven,” he said as the man left the room with an armful of
dishes.

Just like that, breakfast was finished.

After the butler left, George asked, “Are you comfortable here?”

“Yes, very.” I gave him the most grateful smile I could produce.

“Good. I won’t be here for a few days, but Rose will take care of you while
I’m gone.”

“Thank you for her too. She’s great.” I stared down at the table and hesitated
before my next question. “George?”

“Yes?”

I looked into his face. “Thank you for moving me to this part of the house. I
was just wondering—”

“Of course! You’re family.” He rose from the table.

My question was forgotten as I stood and received another bear hug and a kiss
on the cheek.

“Welcome home, Emily.” He smiled as he let me go and walked out of the room.

Home? Family?

Rose rescued me from my thoughts and spent the remainder of the morning giving
me a more complete tour of the house and grounds of the estate. We started
outside with the garden behind the house. It was filled with every color and
variety of rose imaginable. An older man wearing a straw hat, a canvas jacket,
and leather gloves met us at the edge of the garden and led me down the rows,
naming each plant and showing me the differences in color, scent, stem, and
thorn structure.

“I guess a rose isn’t just a rose.” I smiled and received a nearly toothless
smile in return.

“No, mish,” he whistled through his missing front teeth. “Ish not.”

The rose garden led to a gazebo that overlooked a large pond, surrounded by
enormous sugar maple trees.

The gardener followed my gaze. “Thosh treesh are more than a hundred yearsh
old.”

“Wow! If they could only speak.”

“Good thing for them they can’t, or we’d have a lot of fire wood!” He
chuckled, then walked back toward the roses.

I watched him leave. _Maude would have liked you and your riddles._

The tour continued in the house, where we worked our way to the entryway I had
first stepped into a week earlier. Rose seemed so informed about the manor
that I couldn’t resist asking her questions, including the one I wasn’t able
to ask George at breakfast.

“Do you know why my room was changed?”

“No, miss.”

“Do you know who does?”

“No, miss.” Without missing a beat, Rose continued to describe the entryway:
“The wooden wall panels were imported from France, detailing scenes of country
life. The entry table is made of mahogany and topped with marble from a famous
quarry in Italy. They say that it once stood in the Palace of Versailles, but
no one has been able to authenticate that. The chandelier of rock and crystal
came from a manor house near London, when it received an overhaul.”

We walked to the massive staircase that stood just to the right of the
entrance.

“This railing was carved from a solid piece of mahogany. The spindles and
stairs are all from the same tree.”

Instead of ascending the staircase, though, as I had done on my first night,
Rose turned and started walking in the direction from which we came. With a
guide at my disposal, it seemed like the perfect opportunity to finally
explore the surroundings I was unable to previously, so I stood at the base of
the stairs and pointed skyward. “Rose, what about going up there?”

“Oh, miss, that’s for the company. We’re not allowed to go up there.”

“Why not?”

“Claurice would have my job.”

“Oh. Well, I wouldn’t want that.” I quickly joined her in her retreat through
the entryway.

After the tour, Rose led me to a large conservatory that overlooked the rose
garden. It reminded me of The Garden restaurant where I’d first met Gerd and
George. The room resembled a big greenhouse stuck to the side of the manor
house. There were large panes of glass on all but the inside wall, and even
the ceiling was covered in glass. The interior was filled with large potted
plants and comfortably cushioned white, wicker chairs and couches; their
floral seats matched the colors of the rose garden outside. Several white,
glass-covered wicker tables were situated throughout the room, and the
interior wall was lined with shelves, filled with an assortment of teapots and
cups displayed in a somewhat random pattern.

“Now I know where I’m going to spend my rainy days,” I said to Rose.

“Yes, it’s nice and bright.” She smiled up at the ceiling. “Would you like to
take tea here?”

“Tea?” _Ooh, fancy_! “Yes, I would love that!” I was eager to avoid the large,
lonely dining room.

“Would you like to take it now, miss?” she asked, as if she knew I was hungry
before I did.

“Yes, please, Rose.”

She left me to choose a spot to sit, while she prepared the tea. Several
minutes later, she returned, pushing a small wooden cart. She had Robert in
tow, carrying a silver tray. He deposited it on the cart, winked at Rose, and
left her blushing as he exited the room.

“He likes you,” I couldn’t help saying.

“Do you really think so?” Rose quickly placed her hand over her mouth that was
now surrounded by crimson cheeks.

“Totally!” I said, enjoying someone else’s blushing for a change.

The tea, like the breakfast, was amazing. The tray included a three-tiered
serving platter filled with a selection of finger sandwiches and pastries. A
separate crystal plate was devoted to hand-dipped, chocolate-covered
marshmallows, strawberries, and various other fruit. Sugar cubes, honey, lemon
slices, and cream were held in their own crystal serving pieces, chosen
specifically for the task. The tray also held a hand-painted teapot with a
matching cup and saucer.

“It’s beautiful. I wish I could take a picture.” I thought of my cell phone in
my room and smiled as Rose started to take the things from the tray and place
them on the low table in front of me.

“Thank you, miss,” she said and continued to empty the tray. After everything
was laid before me, Rose fussed with the placement of each item before taking
a few steps back to have a final look at the table. “I’ll leave you to enjoy
your tea, miss. I’ve left a bell on the cart. Just ring it if you need
anything else.”

“Thank you, Rose, but won’t you join me?”

“Oh, no miss. I can’t. Claurice would never allow it.” She then curtseyed and
left me to my tea.

Rose reminded me of a young Nana Rosie, before life happened to her. She was
about the same height, with similar features. I often missed Nana, with an
ache inside that I found hard to suppress. It was one of those times, and I
really wanted Rose to stay. _What a disappointment to be in such a beautiful
room, having this amazing tea, with no one to share it._ I sadly stared out
the window into the garden.

Once I finished eating, I rang my little bell. Robert returned with Rose to
help her carry the tray back into the kitchen. They were so cute together. I
couldn’t help but smile at them as they appeared to try to hide their feelings
while clearing the tea things.

After they left, I decided to find my way back to my room alone. Luckily, I
had paid close attention and made it back without much effort. I opened my
closet door and found all of my clothes hung neatly on hangers, including the
freshly laundered and pressed outfits I had already worn. “Wow. That Rose is a
keeper.”

I closed the wardrobe and moved toward my French doors, which I opened. “Just
because I can,” I said, stepping onto the balcony. I smiled, breathing in the
fresh air.

I left the doors open while I climbed onto my new, less beastly bed and
covered myself with a quilt that lay folded at the bottom. Then, I opened my
journal and began to write:

Sunday, June 17, 2012

Dear Maude,

I know it’s been a while, but I spent my week being poked, prodded, and
prognosticated upon by every form of specialist imaginable. Their offices are
beneath the wine cellar in some subterranean office space. Catherine took me
the long way the first day, nearly freezing me to death. I asked one of the
specialists for a more direct route and was given one. Apparently, you can
catch the elevator just down the hall from the dining room. I just love
Catherine! She’s the best!

Between all those lovely appointments, I dined with Catherine and Those-Who-
Will-Remain-Speechless. Weee!

Fortunately, this morning I was moved into a room in an older part of the
house. The bedroom is huge. This one has a shower, too, so all is well. I ate
breakfast with George, who also lives in the old part of the house. Something
is definitely strange about this place and the people who live here. George
said that he moved me because I’m family, but that doesn’t make sense. Why
didn’t he put me in the old part of the house from the start? I also found out
that Sophia isn’t here, and when I asked him if I could call and speak with
her, he said she needs her space. Space? That girl is like any of Papa Bob’s
labs, especially Buddy. She would die without human contact. My ears are still
open, and I’m trying to keep my mouth shut, but it isn’t easy.

One good thing is that they gave me a housemaid. Her name is Rose, and she’s
absolutely adorable. I think she must be about eighteen. Her name is fitting,
because she looks like a younger version of Nana Rosie. It’s nice being
spoiled. I don’t even have to do my own laundry.

Sorry to make this short, but I want to catch a nap before dinner.

Love,

Emily

I put down my pen and pushed it and my journal under my mattress. Then, for
the first time in more than a week, I fell into a deep sleep that lasted until
morning.


* Chapter Nine
Chapter Nine{{{1
# Chapter Nine

**THE NEXT WEEK** of orientation was nothing like the previous one. Instead of
a knock, bugle, or a note under my door, my first morning began when Rose
awakened me at seven o’clock, smiling from the foot of my bed. “Did you rest
well, miss?”

“Yes.” I blinked groggily, realizing that I was on top of my covers, still
wearing my clothes.

“I came to call you for dinner last night, but saw how peaceful you were
sleeping, so I just closed your French doors and thought it best to let you
sleep.” She hesitated. “I hope that was the right choice, miss?”

“Yes, Rose. Thank you. I didn’t realize how tired I was.”

“Mr. Wilson will be meeting with you after breakfast this morning, miss.” She
then continued without waiting for a reply, “Would you prefer I choose
something for you to wear?”

“Absolutely.” I was relieved to have someone else’s brain thinking for me at
that moment, while I shook the cobwebs out of mine.

Breakfast consisted of the same spread as the previous day, only on a smaller
scale, and I was the only one eating it.

After Pleven cleared my plate, I finished my tea, and sat staring at the unlit
fireplace that loomed along the wall several yards from the far end of the
table. _It looks like a face with an open mouth._ I was unable to turn away.
_Yuck! And the table looks like its tongue._ I slouched lower in my chair
until I was eye-level with the tabletop, imagining that the table was a tongue
that fit perfectly into the open mouth of the fireplace.

“Good morning, Miss Stanton.” Mr. Wilson’s voice traveled cheerily in my
direction from the doorway.

I quickly sat up straight, then rose to greet him, noting his smile and the
ever-present clipboard he was carrying. “Good morning, Mr. Wilson.”

We shook hands, and he led me down the hall to the library, yet another
impressive room. Upon entering, my eyes were drawn to the wall on my right
that was entirely occupied, from floor to twenty-foot-high ceiling, with
wooden shelves stocked with neatly arranged collections of hardback books. A
large fireplace was centered on the opposite wall beneath the painting of a
man standing next to a horse. A bank of large, red-curtained windows stood
opposite the entry door, flanked by half a dozen leather-covered wingback
chairs, each with their own floor lamp and smoking stand. Several long,
rectangular tables with cushioned chairs sat in the middle of the room, and
there were green reading lights along the center of each table. It was an awe-
inspiring space, but my attention was constantly drawn back to the library
ladder that rested on a track along the shelved wall. _I’ve always wanted to
ride on one of those_. I imagined the possibilities.

Mr. Wilson offered me a seat in one of the leather chairs and handed me an
overstuffed, three-ring binder. “This is your _Orientation Manual_.”

“Thank you.” I took the book, noticing that the logo of Evergreen Research
Corporation, a large evergreen tree, was prominently plastered on the cover. I
ran my fingers over it and instantly recognized where I’d seen it before: on
the letterhead of the scholarship letters I had received and, most recently,
on the tie and cufflinks that George wore the evening I first met him. I
thought of the emblem on Gerd’s car, and with a little imagination, I could
picture the logo there as well.

“Let us start with Page One, shall we?” Mr. Wilson opened his identical
binder.

I opened my copy and saw a letter addressed to me, followed by a series of
tabs that ran the length of one side: “Art,” “Etiquette,” “History,” “Music,”
“Penmanship,” and “Sport.”

Before I could go to any of these sections, Mr. Wilson looked across his book
at me and said, “Please read it out loud.”

_See Judy run_. I cleared my internal comments from my throat and turned my
attention to the letter:

Dear Miss Stanton,

We would like to take this opportunity to welcome you to the Evergreen
Research Corporation family. We are proud of the reputation we have built in
the social research community. Founded in 1961, Evergreen Research Corporation
has become the premier research facilitator for corporate, governmental and
academic clients worldwide. Our thorough understanding of the societal factors
that shape history has set us apart from the rest.

Our state-of-the-art corporate headquarters in Winston Heights, New York, The
Campus, employs thousands of scientists, researchers and social professionals
at the top of their fields. We are pleased that you have chosen to join our
community and look forward to your future with our company.

Please take a few moments to read the attached list of rules and regulations.
Your orientation coordinator, Mr. Timothy Wilson, is available to answer any
questions you may have, so that your transition will be a smooth and pleasant
one.

Again, welcome aboard!

Sincerely,

Evan Conroy

President, Evergreen Research Corporation

Mr. Wilson looked up from his manual. “Thank you, Miss Stanton. Now, do you
have any questions so far?”

“Yes, I do.” _Sorry, Maude, but I can’t keep my mouth closed and miss an
opportunity such as this._

“Okay…” He folded his hands across the notebook and looked at me.

“Where do the thousands of employees work?” I asked.

“I’m sorry?”

“The letter says that the company employs thousands of people. Where do they
work?”

He cleared his throat several times, then said, “Yes, well, The Campus has
many facilities that you will travel to throughout your tenure with us. You
have only seen a portion of it, due to your night-time arrival.” He didn’t
wait for any further questions before he said, “Now let’s turn the page, and I
will read the rules and regulations.”

_Huh? What was that? Oh, no, that’s okay. I didn’t have any more questions_.

Dear Miss Stanton,

You have received this training manual because you have successfully completed
a week of medically and scientifically established testing. Based on your
results and your collegiate academic performance, you have been chosen to be
among a select few candidates who will participate in a high level research
project. Your exact placement in the program will be determined by the outcome
of the orientation period through your personal performance and the reviews
and recommendations of your instructors.

All new employees of Evergreen Research Corporation are expected to adhere to
the following rules and regulations. Failure to do so could lead to
disciplinary action and/or dismissal from the program. Those scholarship
recipients who are dismissed from the program will be required to repay the
funds received on their behalf, on a prorated basis, according to their
dismissal date.

Holy-moly! Tuition, room and board, plus books for four years? That’s more
than $150k. Getting kicked out is not an option!

1\. The orientation period is based on an estimated six-month time-line.
During this time, employees are expected to remain on The Campus at all times,
with the exception of medical or familial emergencies.

I can do that.

2\. During the orientation period, employees are given Sundays off to recreate
in the manner of their choosing. This time, however, must be spent on The
Campus.

_It would take me six months just to find the front door of this place
anyway._ I laughed to myself.

3\. There will be no telephone, internet, mail, or other correspondence with
outside parties during the orientation period. Your family has already been
notified of your safe arrival. They were also made aware of this rule and have
been given a number to contact for emergencies only.

I guess that explains the bad reception.

4\. You are expected to attend all instructional and training sessions during
the orientation period with the exception of cases of injury or illness as
determined by The Campus physician.

_Okay. That should be easy._ I thought of my perfect attendance throughout my
academic career.

5\. All equipment and training materials received during and after the
orientation period, including this manual, are the property of Evergreen
Research Corporation and must be returned upon request.

If they mean this big, fat book, they can have it now!

6\. Fraternization among employees of Evergreen Research Corporation,
including but not limited to co-workers and/or instructors, is strictly
prohibited and will be cause for immediate dismissal.

The thought of a relationship with Mr. Wilson turned my stomach. I needed to
think of more than just a few rainbows and unicorns to clear that disgusting
visual.

7\. Being selected as an employee of Evergreen Research Corporation is a
privilege and should be treated as one. Please respect your instructors’
efforts and be prepared and on time for all of your sessions.

_A privilege? Weird, because I kind of feel as if I just got sucker punched in
the gut_. I felt nauseated again.

“Well, Miss Stanton, I’m sure you have many questions, so why don’t we address
them before moving on?” Mr. Wilson again folded his hands on the manual and
stared, unblinking, in my direction.

“Okay. Well, first, will I be able to go home for Christmas?”

“Yes. Your orientation period began last Monday, which was June 11, so you
should be finished with time to spare. After the orientation is complete, we
recommend that all employees spend several weeks with their families before
beginning their new projects. Assignments are given after they return from
that visit home.”

“Thank you.” I paused before launching my next question. “I’ve also been
wondering why my room was changed?”

Mr. Wilson looked just past my shoulder briefly, then back at my face. “We
place all of our incoming employees in the new wing of the house while they
are completing medical testing.” He paused to confer with his clipboard before
continuing, “You were chosen to be a part of a new project, the details of
which you will discover after your official placement has been determined. As
a result, you were moved to a new room so that your orientation will
correspond more closely to any upcoming assignment you may receive.”

“What about the employees in the other wing?” I needed to know.

“Well, they didn’t do as well on their testing, so they will be assigned to
other, less prestigious projects once their orientation is completed.”

_Wow!_ I stared at my notebook. _What a bummer._ When __ I looked up at him
again, I said, “I didn’t even know I was being tested for that reason.”

“No, that was by design.” He smiled. “Our doctors are exceptionally gifted in
their fields.”

I thought for a few seconds. “Will I be able to find out how I did on the
tests?”

“I’m afraid that information is confidential, strictly…proprietary. Our
processes are very specific, based on years of research, and must be
safeguarded at all costs. I can tell you that if it were an assignment in
school, you would have received an A-plus.”

“Well, that’s good to know.” I smiled, feeling as if I knew more before I
asked the question.

“Any further questions?” He stared at me without expression as my smile faded.

“Just one.”

He finally blinked. “Okay…”

“Why wasn’t I informed of these rules last week?”

Mr. Wilson answered my question in a single breath that seemed to start on one
side of the room and end on the other: “Each of our programs has its own set
of rules. Some are stricter than others. The rules are determined by the
medical and scientific test scores you received during your first week of
orientation, as well as your academic test scores. The scores then determine
the subsequent instruction and training upon which the remainder of your
orientation program will focus. Therefore, we cannot distribute rules until
the second week of orientation.”

“Now, I understand.” Although I really didn’t. In fact, I didn’t actually
listen to most of his answers. As a result, I felt compelled to pretend to be
extra grateful. “Thank you so much, Mr. Wilson, for answering my questions.”

“Of course, Miss Stanton. Now, let’s move on to your training and
instruction.”

Great. Just when I could almost see a light at the end of the tunnel, he slams
the door in my face.

He turned to the first tab in the notebook, randomly flipping pages as he
spoke. “The program you will be participating in will cover American society
from approximately 1890 to 1920, with an emphasis on 1910. You will receive
instruction in period-specific life, gleaned from textbooks, lectures, and
hands-on applications in the areas of art, etiquette, history, music,
penmanship, and sport. Your instructors are all experts in their fields and
will present the material as it applies to both genders, but more specifically
from a female perspective. All hands-on instruction will be geared toward a
female, namely you. Successful completion of the program will result in your
being considered a specialist in this time frame.”

My head was spinning. I felt like I was suffering from information overload
and needed a nap.

Possibly sensing my sudden lack of focus, Mr. Wilson looked up at me.
“Everything we discuss today can be found in the _Orientation Manual_.”

_Thank God!_ I sighed with relief.

With that, Mr. Wilson proceeded to address each of the tabs in order. “Your
art instruction will consist of art history, as well as the hands-on
exploration of various media such as watercolors, oils, acrylics, and pen and
ink. Your instructor, Dr. Timbor, is a world-renowned artist who has taught at
such prestigious institutions as Parsons in Paris and New York.

_Never heard of him._ I stifled a yawn.

“Your next instructor, Madame Dubois, has taught social manners and etiquette
to women and young ladies throughout the world. From debutants and beauty
queens to business professionals and heads of state, Madame Dubois has taught
them all. She will show you, in great detail, what was expected of women at
the beginning of the last century.”

Good luck.

“As you might recall from your university studies, the period from 1890 to
1920 saw great change in our country. Your college professor, Dr. Moore, will
be your history instructor and will provide you with an in-depth worldview of
the period, from a social and historical perspective.”

_Gee, I hope he wears a different costume every day_.

“Next, we’re very pleased to have Ms. Lily Wood as your music instructor. Ms.
Wood is an accomplished mezzo soprano and harpist who has performed with
various orchestras and operatic companies throughout the world. She will
present an overview of the music of the period and will instruct you in
mastering one or more instruments.”

“You mean I have to learn to _play_ them?” I interrupted.

“Yes. She and her team will also teach you the waltzes and other dances of the
time.”

Great. I have two left feet, and neither is attached. I didn’t get kicked out
of ballet for nothing.

“Your next subject, penmanship, will cover the Spencerian Script method, a
very popular style of writing during this period. Your instructor, Mrs.
Virginia Wadsman, is a well-known calligrapher. She will give you a brief
history of the method, followed by months of hands-on instruction in the
style, using pen and ink.”

_Did I hear “months”?_ I sighed.

“Finally, Dr. Clark and his team will instruct you in the sports women of the
period played or of which they were spectators. You will learn and practice
sports during the week and participate in events on Saturdays.”

_I bet I’ll still get picked last for the team._ I recalled the merciless
playground of elementary school, followed by my dismal high school PE
experience.

“Okay.” Mr. Wilson closed his notebook. “I know this was a lot of information
to absorb. I suggest you spend the afternoon reading through the manual, and I
will meet you back here tomorrow morning at eight o’clock to answer any
further questions you may have. I will then introduce you to your instructors.
Do you have any questions in the meantime?”

_None that I can ask without getting myself kicked out of the program._ My
thoughts forced me to pause for a minute before asking a real question.
“Actually, I was wondering if there will be other orientation employees
participating with me?”

“No, Ms. Stanton. It will be just you.”

I could hear the nails in the coffin. _No more hiding behind the tall kid in
class. No more raising my hand after the teacher has chosen someone else to
answer the question. No more blending into the crowd. Now, I am the crowd._ I
just stared at the manual on my lap. _I wonder if it’s too late to change my
major._

“Well, I guess I will see you in the morning.” Mr. Wilson stood, with his
manual in his hand.

I stood up as well and shook his hand. “Thank you, Mr. Wilson.” But I didn’t
feel very thankful at all.

“It’s my pleasure. You’re welcome to read your manual in here if you wish.”

_The ladder!_ I tried not to sound too eager when I said, “Yes, I would. Thank
you.”

Once the door closed, I walked to the ladder and slid it along the track in
both directions, making sure that it would move. Then, after waiting a
respectable five minutes or so to make sure Mr. Wilson wasn’t returning, I
started my ascent. When I was a few rungs from the top, I pushed gently off
one of the shelves, hoping to make the ladder slide along its track. Much to
my delight, it glided smoothly to the opposite end of the book shelves. My
next push was a little harder, and I moved faster than before. I tried again
and again, picking up more speed each time. My only concern was trying to
balance without falling off, but I soon mastered that and continued to slide
along the track. Each time I glided toward the windows, I saw the _Orientation
Manual_ glaring up at me from the leather chair below. I couldn’t look away,
and with every scoot past, it seemed to grow larger, until finally it felt as
if it would reach up and bite me on the foot.

“Enough!” I called to the book. Then I stopped the ladder and climbed down.
“Okay, you win.” I loomed over the book with my hands on my hips. “Now, scoot
over.”

I spent the rest of the morning and the entire afternoon bonding with the
leather chair and the manual. The massive notebook contained itineraries,
course expectations, text, pictures, diagrams, graphs, and all forms of
educational materials.

I mumbled as I thumbed through it, “Didn’t I graduate already? This isn’t a
manual. It’s a Bible!” I yawned, wide-mouthed, in protest.

After a brief break for my tea, which Rose and Robert so kindly delivered, I
was glued to the manual until Rose rescued me shortly before dinner.

“Time to change, miss.”

“Thank goodness!” I rose from my chair in relief.

Rose chattered on about the history of the library, briefly taking my mind off
the manual, while we walked to my room. “Some of the pieces in the collection
date back to the 1500s. The ladder came from a manor in England, occupied by
the original owners of Winston Manor before they built this one. It’s said to
be quite rare, made of mahogany and almost 200 years old.”

Oops, I guess I won’t be using it as a ride anymore.

Monday, June 18, 2012

Dear Maude,

What was I thinking? I can’t believe I wanted to go to college so badly that I
sold my soul to this company! I spent my day reading through the Orientation
Manual—a monster of a book that I know I’ll be expected to quote verbatim
while standing on my head in a bathtub filled with green gelatin. (I don’t
think that part is in there, but I’m sure they just left it out by accident.)
Either way, I have to take art, etiquette, history, music, penmanship, and
sports instruction, focusing on the period surrounding 1910, give or take ten
years on either side. Really? Why…and why me? I suppose people such as Dr.
Moore need well-trained research assistants, but I really doubt there was a
waiting list of people who wanted to take his class, not when I was in
college. He could hardly fill a small classroom.

You would probably look at it as a new adventure. To keep myself from going
crazy, I guess I need to do the same thing. I’m just really disappointed. I
didn’t know what to expect from this job, but it sure wasn’t this.

On top of that, I won’t be studying with anyone else. I’m the only student.
Maybe they’ll at least give me a dog to keep me company. I’m glad I have you,
though. Sorry! I didn’t intend for that to sound as if I think of you as a
dog. You’re definitely a good friend, Maude. Thanks for being there for
me…always.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Ten
Chapter Ten{{{1
# Chapter Ten

**I SPENT THE** next five and a half months of my life learning how to be a
lady in 1910. All my training and instruction would culminate in a final exam
used to determine my placement in the company.

During my training, my “Maude journal,” as I referred to it, became my best
friend. With no other students to talk to, I poured my feelings into its
pages. I also used it to practice my handwriting, noting what I had learned in
my lessons each day. It helped me to vent and also to study for tests and
quizzes. I had no idea how useful my journal really was until one particular
morning, just five days before the scheduled final exam, when Mr. Wilson
approached me in the library.

“Miss Stanton?”

I looked up from the _Orientation Manual_. “Yes?”

He held out his right hand. “I need you to surrender the manual, please.”

“Excuse me?”

“Give me the manual.”

“Now?”

“Yes.” He nodded.

“But I’m using it to study for the final next week.” I tried to cover it with
my hands, as if I could hide the behemoth.

“Well, things have changed. The exam was rescheduled for this evening.” Not
waiting for a response, Mr. Wilson promptly yanked the manual from beneath my
grasp and snapped it closed. He also removed the other books and study guides
my instructors had given me, and walked out of the room.

I felt as if all my bodily fluids had just invisibly exited my body. “I’m
doomed.” I could only stare at the empty desk in disbelief, until my thoughts
traveled to my journal. _I hope it will be enough to study from._ I was glad
that I had left it in my room, until its possible discovery sent a bolt of
fear through me. I jumped up, hoping they weren’t in my room looking for other
things I could use to study. I hurried from the library in a panic, mumbling
under my breath as I tried to avoid running or taking the stairs in an
unladylike, two-at-a-time fashion, until I reached the hallway outside my
room. There, my worst fears were realized.

The light from the open doorway cast shadows on the carpet that ran outside my
bedroom.

_Crap!_ I tried to compose myself before entering.

Several men in black suits were combing my room, filling cardboard boxes with
my notebooks, pens, ink—anything that appeared to be a studying tool.

“Hello?” I stood in the doorway, trying to remain calm.

If I had learned anything from the preceding few months, it was the need to
remain a lady at all times, even if the situation didn’t call for it. The men
continued to rummage through my things, failing to acknowledge my greeting. As
I walked farther into the room, I noticed that every drawer, cupboard, and
shelf was empty, its contents either in a box or on the floor. In fact, only a
narrow stretch of carpet remained free of my things and served as a pathway
into the room. Although my training crossed my mind, in that situation,
however, I threw all ladylike behavior out the window.

“What’s the meaning of this?” I shouted.

The men stopped and looked from me to their apparent boss, who was hunched
over in the corner, facing the wall.

The man stood up and turned to me.

My hands found my mouth as my legs dragged me farther into the room for a
closer look. “Gerd?”

“Stop!” He cast an ice-cold stare at me.

I froze, almost forgetting to breathe.

“Leave!” He looked at the others, who promptly dropped my belongings on the
floor and exited the room. Gerd then walked past me, without a word, and shut
and locked the bedroom door. “Sit.” He motioned to the bench at the foot of
the bed

I followed the clear path leading to it and sat down, unable to speak.

He pulled a chair up in front of me, staring into my eyes.

I stared back, hoping to find the Gerd I’d once dated, but he wasn’t there.

“Where are they?” he asked.

“Hey, it’s nice to see you too.” I glared at him and was met by icy blue eyes
that turned colder and harder with each passing second. “Where are what?” I
finally asked.

“The remaining books!” He nearly spat in my face.

“Well, Gerd, I don’t know which books you already have, so I can’t really help
with the ones that remain.”

His lips curled, revealing his teeth, like a hungry animal baring down on its
prey. “The almanac, the Bible, and the dictionary,” he said with a snarl.

I leaned closer to him. “Did you try the bathroom?”

He quickly stood, nearly removing my nose in the process, and proceeded to the
restroom.

I sat back on the bench, crossing my legs and trying to appear calm as I heard
bottles breaking on the tile floor. “In the commode,” I said, gripping the
bench for support.

The room grew silent.

“Find them?” I pretended to look at my fingernails as he returned from the
bathroom with a stack of books. Finally, I met his eyes and said, “What can I
say? I enjoy multi-tasking.”

He threw the books into a box with a grunt.

“Anything else?” I offered him a fake, toothy smile.

“Yes!” He sneered down at me. “I hope you fail your exam.”

“Nice. Thanks.”

“Yeah, that would be nice.”

“I know we didn’t end on the best of terms, Gerd, but why do you hate me so
much?”

“Because I had it all!” He looked around the room, throwing his arms in the
air.

“What are you talking about?”

“The life, money, cars, women—they were all mine!” As he spoke, he pointed at
various things throughout the room, then finally at me.

“Aren’t they still?”

He stood glaring down at me with his hands on his hips. “Does it _look_ as if
they are?”

“Regardless, what’s that have to do with me?” I angrily shook my head.

“God, Emily are you _that_ blind? Without you, I have nothing!”

I couldn’t believe he still held feelings for me. “I’m sorry Gerd, I never
meant to hurt you.”

He paced like a wild animal on the hunt. “Hurt me? Really? Do you think that’s
what this is all about?”

“Isn’t that what you just said?”

“God!” He collapsed into the chair across from me.

I reached out to stroke his hair as he buried his head in his hands. “Where
did you go? I don’t even recognize you.”

“I was never there, Emily. Nothing is…as it seems.” He rubbed a hand over his
face.

“What do you mean?” I asked the top of his head.

When he finally looked up at me, I could see that the life had been sucked
right out of him. His gorgeous eyes looked empty and drained, just a watered-
down version of their former glory. He attempted to give me that famous Gerd
smile, but it had also lost its effect. I felt sorry for him. He suddenly
leaned toward me and gave me a kiss on the cheek. “You were _my_ final exam,
and I failed.” Then, not waiting for a reply, Gerd stood and walked to the
door, unlocked it, and left without another word.

I sat on the bench, open-mouthed, unable to find the words that needed to
close it.

The other men returned, took their boxes, and exited in silence.

Just as the last man left, Rose entered the room, carrying two gowns in her
arms. She nearly dropped her load when she looked around. “What a mess, miss!”

I just smiled, unable to cope with Gerd, the mess, Rose, or the early exam.
All I could think about was my journal, which I had grown to love as a best
friend.

“So pale, miss.” Rose hung the dresses in my now empty wardrobe. “I’ll be
right back.” She closed the door behind her.

As soon as she left, I began digging through the ruins of my room in search of
my journal. It was so precious to me that I often hid it in a false bottom I
found in Maude’s suitcase, or the “Maude suitcase,” as I preferred to call it.
“Where is that thing?”

I scanned the room, hoping it would shed the case like a secret burden. I
scoured the floor until I saw the corner of the suitcase, sticking up between
my winter coats and extra blankets that were usually stored neatly in the
wardrobe. “A-ha!” I shouted as I pulled the suitcase free.

I made my way back to the bench, forced to take exaggerated, giant steps in an
effort to clear the mounds on the floor. The suitcase had been pried open, but
the journal and its hiding place were still intact. The only damage appeared
to be the broken lock hanging from the front of the case. “Tom can fix this.”

Just as I finished placing the suitcase on top of the wardrobe for safe
keeping, Rose returned with three others, carrying brooms, mops, dusters, and
vacuums. In less than an hour, they transformed the room and bathroom back to
their normal state.

Afterward, Rose drew me a bubble bath and sang to me as she scrubbed my back.

I sat deep in thought, pondering the events of the morning. I tried to amuse
myself by wondering if a poor breakfast choice had determined my situation.
_If only I’d chosen pancakes instead of an omelet, my life might be different
now._

If Rose had been speaking to me at all, I didn’t notice. She quickly finished
and left me to my thoughts.

“There’s nothing like a little butter and a lot of syrup to put it all into
perspective.” I nodded knowingly to the steam-filled room before me. I exited
the bathroom several minutes later, clean and focused on my final exam.

“I’m getting an A,” I told myself as I walked toward my wardrobe to find a
comfortable outfit.

“What about these, miss?” Rose said, admiring the dresses she’d laid out on
the bed.

I just stared at the two gowns, nearly open-mouthed. They were similar to the
ones I had studied in the _Orientation Manual_ , covered in lace, beads, and
layers of silk chiffon.

“Green or blue?” she asked.

“Uh…green,” I replied, “but why are they here?”

“They’re for your exam, miss.”

“My exam?” I cringed, realizing my instructors obviously hadn’t received the
memo that encouraged students to wear comfortable clothes when taking tests.

“Yes, miss. I’ll get the corset.”

“Oh, not the dreaded corset!” I wailed.

“I’m afraid so, miss.”

The object of my nightmares, the corset, was something many of my instructors
had insisted I wear on several occasions, to lend authenticity to my training.
The exam, apparently, necessitated such torture again.

Rose and I spent the next hour squeezing and lacing me into a corset like a
football on Sunday. As she cinched away my appetite and lung capacity I knew
that I would never again think pancakes were better than omelets for
breakfast. When the ordeal finally ended, I felt like an overdressed child on
a snow day. I couldn’t move or bend, so Rose had to finish dressing me.

The green gown fit easily over my corset, followed by stockings and shoes. She
curled, brushed, and braided my hair into a delicate chignon, held together
with pins and a jewel-covered comb. The ensemble was completed with a small
amount of jewelry and a beaded draw-string purse for my “essentials,” as my
etiquette instructor used to say.

_What essentials?_ My cell phone was more vital than essential, but it was not
allowed in the bag.

“It’s…a look, I guess.” I contemplated the purse’s uselessness as I admired my
outfit in the mirror.

Rose smiled at my reflection. “Mr. Wilson will meet you in the library, miss.”

“Thank you, Rose. I just need a few minutes.”

She nodded and quietly left the room.

Determined to cram a few precious moments of studying in before my exam, I
quickly closed and locked the bedroom door. Reaching above my head wasn’t as
difficult in the corset as I feared, so I was able to retrieve the Maude
suitcase without too much effort. I spent the next few minutes looking for
passages in my journal that I hoped would help me on my exam. I soon realized
that it was a waste of time.

_If I don’t know it by now, I guess I never will._ I closed the journal and
replaced it and the suitcase above the wardrobe.

After straightening out my dress, I walked to the library, trying to remember
to hold my shoulders back and take the small steps I had practiced with my
instructors. It wasn’t that difficult, considering the stiff corset made it
impossible to do anything else. I made my way down the hall in what seemed
twice the amount of time it normally took, but I arrived in the library before
Mr. Wilson.

_Good_. _I’m early._

Mr. Wilson entered the room shortly after me, dressed in a suit similar to the
ones pictured in the _Orientation Manual_. He had trimmed his hair and combed
it back, using a fair amount of hair grease to hold his curls in place.

_He fits this period really well_. I also noticed that his manner had changed
to fit his costume. _He’s in character._

“Miss Stanton.” Mr. Wilson bowed before me, then rose to kiss my outstretched
hand.

“Mr. Wilson.” I was grateful that a pair of kid gloves stood between me and
his greasy lips.

“Shall we?” He offered me his arm and escorted me down the hall to the main
dining room.

As we drew closer, I saw the large, sliding dining room doors that usually
remained closed, were now open, flanked by two black-suited attendants wearing
white gloves. We entered the room and were greeted by the festive sound of an
ensemble playing waltzes on a stage in the corner. The table was gone, and
chairs now lined the edges of the room. The transformation was remarkable; it
was as if I had just stepped into a 1910 ballroom.

A crowd of what looked like several hundred had already gathered, and more
were arriving through a second set of doors at the opposite end of the room.
All were dressed in period costumes and flowed into the room as if they were
well-versed in the manners of the time.

Confused and terrified, I squeezed Mr. Wilson’s arm as we slowly walked toward
George, who was standing in the center of the room.

“You will be just fine, Miss Stanton,” Mr. Wilson whispered, leaning toward
me.

“Is _this_ my final?” I whispered back, almost afraid of the answer.

He patted my hand and smiled. “Yes. You are Lord Winston’s niece, and this is
your birthday party.”

I felt the tightness of the corset dig into my ribs as I tried,
unsuccessfully, to gasp in surprise. In fact, I had to fight a cramp in my
side just to speak. “What’s my name?”

“It is Emily Winston.”

“And how old am I?” I asked, hearing the panic creeping into my voice.

“You just turned eighteen.” His tone was soothing and unnerving at the same
time.

_Yeah, I wish I was just eighteen and had decided to attend college part-time
while I worked at Mom and Tom’s shop. Anything would be better than this._
Then, I thought of what Maude would have said, had she been standing next to
me, _“It is what it is, Toots.”_ Maude was seldom wrong.

Unfortunately, we reached the center of the room far too quickly.

“Here she is.” Mr. Wilson released me to George’s care.

He offered me his arm in exchange. “And what a vision.”

I smiled weakly at Mr. Wilson as I let George lead me toward the crowd.

The rest of the evening was spent being introduced to couples and single men,
all dressed in period costumes, some with and others without accents from
various regions and countries.

I smiled, curtseyed, and offered the appropriate salutation to each according
to his or her title. As good as the food and beverages looked, I refrained
from consuming anything out of fear of the constricting corset. Instead, I
watched George eat and drink enough for both of us. That proved to be more of
a blessing than a curse, though, as it distracted him from noticing my
mispronunciation of several guests’ names and the occasional curtsey, when I
should have just shaken hands.

During the introductions, we were invited into several conversations that
involved the politics and the world events of the time, topics so-called
ladies were expected to avoid.

Whenever a guest asked, “What do you think, Miss Winston?” my reply was always
the same: “Well, I’m sure you will find many more well-informed guests here
who can answer that,” or even, “I’ll leave that to the scholars.”

The guest, usually an older gentleman, would always chuckle and offer a kind
word or two, such as, “Utterly useless discourse for such a lovely creature as
you,” or “Forgive my…blah, blah, blah.”

I was completely miserable but __ somehow smiled anyway, successfully fighting
the urge to elaborate on the changing role of women in society or the plight
of children in an industrialized nation.

Periodically, a guest would ask me questions about music, art, or sports;
topics ladies of the period were expected to be able to discuss at length. On
such occasions, I babbled on about everything from art nouveau to vaudeville,
as well as tennis, archery, and equestrian pursuits. I was glad to see my
responses left most participants in the conversation with a satisfied nod or
chuckle.

“Good work,” George said, inserting an encouraging comment periodically as we
walked to the next group of guests.

By the time I mastered the introductions, the ensemble was playing a waltz I
had danced to numerous times in music class.

“My lady…” George offered me his hand.

I smiled and let him escort me onto the dance floor. All eyes were on us as we
led the dance.

_One-two-three, one-two-three…_ I counted to myself, smiling up into his face
while trying to avoid stepping on his toes. Other couples joined us, until
soon the floor was crowded with dancers who seemed to know the waltz well.

George and I smiled at the other couples who were dancing around us, and I
continued to count to myself. After several more familiar songs, he decided to
take a break and escorted me back to where Mr. Wilson was standing.

On our way across the floor, we were stopped by a handsome man in his twenties
who George introduced as Mr. Fowler.

I offered my hand. “Pleased to meet you, Mr. Fowler.”

He drew my hand toward him, staring unblinkingly into my eyes. “The pleasure
is mine, Miss Winston.” He proceeded to kiss my gloved hand, still holding it
as he lowered it from his face, while keeping his eyes glued on mine. “Lord
Winston, may I have the honor of the next dance with your lovely niece?”

“Of course!” George stepped back to let Mr. Fowler lead me to the dance floor.

The waltzes were now unfamiliar, and I needed to follow Mr. Fowler’s lead in
order to avoid stepping on his toes. _Thank you for pushing me to practice,
Ms. Wood_. I was grateful for my music teacher’s persistence that now allowed
me to waltz without embarrassment or injury to either of us.

When the song ended, Mr. Fowler escorted me back to George. “Thank you,” he
said, bowing with a flourish.

I curtseyed in reply.

“Well done,” George whispered.

“Thank you,” I said, proud of my performance.

Mr. Fowler’s request seemed to open the floodgates for more young men to ask
for George’s permission to dance with me. With only a few familiar songs mixed
among the rest, I quickly learned to recognize the types of waltzes Ms. Wood
had insisted I learn.

_Thanks-Ms.-Wood, thanks-Ms.-Wood._ I inserted her name in my count as I was
waltzed across the floor by dozens of young, extremely handsome men. I was
happy that the effort of dancing also caused my blushing face to appear
flushed instead, or else I would not have been able to survive the evening in
the company of such good looking bachelors.

By midnight, the room was clearing, and the couples and eligible men were
making their way through the other doors. I was hungry, dehydrated, and
exhausted, but I continued to smile, curtsey, and offer my hand to be kissed
until the last of the guests departed.

“Ready to turn in, miss?” Rose asked from the doorway.

_Thank God!_ I smiled and nodded at my savior.

Once the corset was removed, I took my first full breath in more than eight
hours. I held it in my lungs as long as I could, then exhaled slowly, savoring
every second. “That thing should be burned!” I said out loud.

“You’ll get used to it, miss.” I looked at the grinning Rose, forgetting that
she also looked the part in her own corset.

“I’m sorry, Rose. You’ve been suffocating too.”

“No matter, miss.”

* * *

I spent most of the next day in the drawing room, opening dozens of so-called
birthday presents and writing thank-you notes in the script style of print I
had learned during my orientation. I wasn’t exactly fluid in my technique, so
the process was long and tedious. In fact, the last envelope wasn’t sealed
until late in the afternoon.

“This way!” Mr. Wilson’s voice came from behind the seat I had occupied for
hours.

I jumped and almost spilled the ink before I could replace the lid. _But_ _I
haven’t even had a chance to stretch_. I stood from my seat and reached my
arms out as far as I could, then shook out my hands before following Mr.
Wilson and his clipboard.

He led me back to the library, where George was already waiting for me,
sitting in one of the wingback chairs.

There was no expression on his face. “Please be seated.”

_Great, I must have blown it_. I took the seat next to him and tried to
swallow, but my dry throat still hadn’t recovered from the night before.

Mr. Wilson stood in the doorway as my instructors filtered into the room. Each
handed him a sheet of paper, then looked for a spot to lean against along one
of the walls. After the last teacher entered, Mr. Wilson closed the door and
walked over to a pile of papers atop one of the tables. No one spoke for
several minutes as he examined them, then added the pages he had just received
to the existing stack. He neatly arranged its contents before looking at me.
“Miss Stanton, congratulations on completing your orientation period.”

As Mr. Wilson continued to speak, I scanned the faces of my instructors. I
went from one face to the next and found them all intent on the carpet. _No, I
really blew it!_

“Wouldn’t you agree, Ms. Stanton?”

“Excuse me?”

“Aren’t our instructors the finest in their fields?”

“Yes, absolutely.” I smiled but received nothing in return from anyone.

Mr. Wilson rambled on in his usual way, while I searched my brain for the
times I hadn’t done so well in class. With the exception of a few minor
incidents of spilling the ink or falling off my horse, I couldn’t think of
anything that would have disqualified me for a position with the company.

“Therefore, it’s with great pride that we welcome you to the Evergreen
Research team!” Mr. Wilson smiled and clapped with enthusiasm.

The entire room then came to life and erupted with cheers and more clapping,
quickly bringing me back to reality.

Words escaped me as I rose, then just stood there in shock, staring at the
unexpected ovation from my educators.

The applause lasted for several minutes, causing the dreaded blush to creep up
my neck. The gigantic hug from George didn’t help. Then, one by one, my
instructors, bearing handshakes, hugs, and gifts congratulated me and slowly
left the room.

“Well done, Miss Stanton. Well done!” Mr. Wilson beamed, shaking my hand with
such vigor that I thought my shoulder would dislocate. Then he finally let me
go and exited the room.

“Well, I bet you’re ready to go home for a while,” George said.

“Yes, that would be wonderful.”

He patted me on the back. “We’ll leave this evening.”

* * *

As with my arrival, my departure was also at night, so it was difficult to see
The Campus both from the ground and the air. It wouldn’t have made much of a
difference, though, because my head was spinning with a new set of questions
as we drove to the airstrip.

“Who were those people at the party, George?” I asked. There weren’t quite a
thousand, but I was certain I had been introduced to a few hundred, all of
them staying in character every minute.

He answered simply, “Employees.”

I sat in silence for several minutes, still trying to digest the activities of
the prior twenty-four hours. “Will I be able to find out the results of my
exam?” I finally asked.

George shifted his gaze from the window to look at me. “We’ll debrief you on
your return.”

I nodded. “What position will I have?”

“Well, that’s up to the owner.”

“I thought that was you.”

“No. I own the property. President Conroy is the owner of the company,” George
said.

“Oh,” was all I could think to say.

My arm was sore from writing and I really couldn’t think straight, so once we
boarded the plane, my questions ended with a yawn and a nap that took me
within minutes of landing.

_I’m almost home._ I groggily stared out the window as we approached the
runway.

Friday, December 14, 2012

Dear Maude,

They sprang my final exam on me early. It was a faux birthday party in my
honor—1910-style. I was terrified, but it went well—good enough, anyway, to
get a position with the company.

Before that, Gerd reared his ugly head as the leader of a group of thugs who
cleaned my room of anything I could have used to study for my final. He’s not
the guy I dated—or maybe he is, and I just didn’t see it. Either way, he told
me I was his final exam and that he failed, whatever that means. He sure tried
to shift the blame my direction for that one. It was horrible! At this point,
the only thing I feel for him is pity.

The good news is that they allowed me to come home for Christmas. I arrived
last week and am finally in my own bed. Mom and Tom moved into the big house,
so I officially have my old room back. The house seems so empty without Nana
Rosie and Papa Bob. I miss them more than I thought possible.

I am returning to The Campus in January, and I’ll find out then what my
assignment will be. I hope it doesn’t involve wearing a corset! What a wicked
punishment simply for being a woman. Regardless, I’m just glad the orientation
is over.

Bye, Maude, and thanks for being my friend,

Love,

Emily

My vacation was spent being spoiled by Mom and Tom and filling orders for
glassware that had to arrive by Christmas and others that were needed by New
Year’s. It was a busy time for all of us, but that allowed me to give my
thoughts about The Campus a rest for a while.

The night before I was expected to fly back to New York, Mom sat me down by
the fireplace, with an oversized, marshmallow-filled mug of hot chocolate. She
blew into her own mug without looking up. “You don’t _have_ to go back, you
know.”

“What do you mean?” I asked, absently trying to suck one of the softened
marshmallows into my mouth.

“Well, Tom and I have been talking. If we sell his place, we can afford to pay
off your scholarship and still have money left for our business.”

“Mom, is that why you’re living in Nana and Papa’s house?”

“Partly.” She continued to blow into her mug.

“Thanks Mom, but I can’t let you do that.”

She looked up at me. “You wouldn’t be _letting_ me do anything if it’s my
idea, honey.”

“Still, that’s a lot of money.” I shook my head. “Also, I made the choice to
take the scholarship. I need to take the responsibility that goes along with
it.”

I saw tears forming in Mom’s eyes as she said, “I just have this horrible
feeling that I may never see you again.”

“You definitely won’t see much of anything if you start crying on me!” I
placed my mug on a nearby table and gave her a hug. “I’m a big girl, Mom.”

“I know, but you don’t even know what your job will be…or where,” she said,
her muffled voice coming from my shoulder.

I hugged her even harder. “Well, when I find out, I will let you know.”

“ _If_ you can.” Mom had successfully kept the tears from flowing, but her
nose was a different story. She pulled away and reached into her pocket for a
handkerchief.

“What do you mean?”

She blew her nose. “Well, it might be classified or something. After all, we
weren’t allowed to contact you when you were there for orientation.”

“Mom, you’re getting all paranoid on me.”

“No, I’m not!”

“Whatever happens, I will figure out a way to let you know that I’m okay,
classified or not.”

“I know, baby. I just worry.”

“Since when have you been a worrier?”

“Since I lost half my family one week last spring,” she said with a sniff.
Then Mom, the rock of my world, burst into tears and squeezed me so tight that
I thought I would lose my dinner.

I’d never seen her that upset, so, not knowing what else to do, I just let her
cry.

She finally recovered enough to speak. “Please consider not going back.”

“Mom—”

“Don’t answer now. Think about it, and let me know in the morning.” She then
kissed me on the cheek and went to bed.

If I slept at all that night, it didn’t last long. When I sat down at the
breakfast table, Mom and Tom looked as if they’d found about as much sleep as
I did.

My Maude suitcase was sitting in the middle of the table. I looked at the
latch, then at Tom, who gave me a weak smile.

“Good as new,” he said proudly.

I attempted my own grin. “Thanks. I knew you could fix it.”

Mom reached out and took my hand.

I looked up at her and met the tears in her eyes with a matching set of my
own—with that one look, she already knew my answer. Mom always knew me better
than I knew myself. The tears rolled down her face, into her coffee cup below.

Tom kissed me on the cheek and left the room. He’d never been very good at
goodbyes.


* Chapter Eleven
Chapter Eleven{{{1
# Chapter Eleven

**ALTHOUGH MY TRAINING** had acquainted me with the great expanse of The
Campus, I still felt overwhelmed to, once again, be greeted by the property in
the darkness. With the exception of the corporate plane ride and the dark
landing at the air strip, however, my return bore no resemblance to my first
arrival. I stood outside the plane in the cold, searching the night for the
limo. Instead, I was met by the gardener’s cart, with its toothless driver
behind the wheel.

I dug through my purse for my cell phone, suddenly regretting my decision to
turn down Mom and Tom’s offer to pay off my tuition. “Dang, no reception here
either.” I turned my phone on and off in a fruitless effort to somehow change
reality.

Meanwhile, the gardener and his cart pulled up next to me. “Eve-nin’, mish!”
His whistling voice seemed to blend with the wind that was whipping my hair in
circles behind me.

“Evening, uh…” My teeth chattered uncontrollably. …w _hatever your name is._

“All aboard!” He smiled and pointed at the passenger seat, which was riddled
with dirt and dried leaves.

I tried not to stare into the void his missing teeth created in his mouth,
directing my attention to the dirty seat instead. _Great._

Possibly noticing my apprehension, he said, “Oh! Here, lemme get that fer ya.”
He produced a greasy rag from his glovebox and proceeded to spread the dirt
around the seat. “There ya go!” He smiled again, admiring his handiwork.

“Thank you.” I quickly brushed the dirt and debris onto the ground outside the
cart and climbed in, wiping my hand on my jacket.

“Shorry there’sh no room for your thingsh.” He turned to look at the shovels,
buckets, and other implements that crowded the back of his cart.

“Oh, that’s no problem.” My teeth continued to chatter as I hugged my Maude
suitcase, as much for warmth as necessity.

The cart seemed to find every bump and pothole as we wound our way along the
road.

“Beautiful eve-nin’, ain’t it? Jusht look at all of thosh shtarsh.”

I tried to look up but nearly lost my balance on the seat, catching myself
just seconds before being bumped out of the cart. “Lovely.” I now clutched my
suitcase in one hand and the window-less frame of the cart with the other.
_Great, Emily. Way to go_. _You could be sipping cocoa with Mom right now._

The road appeared longer and curvier than I remembered and seemed to take
almost as long as the flight from Portland. By the time we reached the manor,
I felt as if I had just been brutalized and thrown into the freezer.

“Here we are!” Toothless Man smiled and parked the cart just outside the
basement door that led to the kitchen.

“Thanks.” I could barely find free movement in any of my joints, including my
jaw.

“No problem!” He waved before proceeding off into the night.

I stood outside the door, shivering and hoping my assignment involved nothing
to do with cooking, unless, of course, everyone preferred their food burnt. I
reached for the knob, but felt it jerk away as the door swung open from the
inside.

“Ah! Ya poor tin’!” the cook said in a thick Irish accent, then pulled me into
the warmth of the kitchen.

A pot of hot tea and a bowl of chicken soup later, I was able to find the
free-movement I had lost in my limbs and mouth. “Thank you so much, Cookie.” I
smiled, hoping the herbs from the soup weren’t caught between my teeth.

“Dohs brutes!” she said. “Oi ought ter gie dem a piece av me mind, perishin’
yer wee dear on a noight such as dis!”

“You’re sweet, Cookie.”

“Well, dey called for snow, don’ yer nu?”

“I believe it.” I nodded, rubbing my hands between my legs.

Just then, the swinging door that led to the hallway banged against the wall,
causing everyone in the room to jump or scream or both.

“Oh, miss! Oh, miss!” A distraught Rose ran into the room toward me. “I’m so
sorry, miss. I meant to meet you earlier, but with the big meeting going on, I
lost track of time. Please forgive me. Oh, please do!”

“Goodness, lassy. Yer gave us al’ a fright!” Cookie snapped. “Calm down an’
breathe, wud yer?”

“I’m sorry. I just…Oh!”

“Rose, please stop. It’s fine,” I said, smiling over at her.

“Thank you, miss.” She sat down firmly on the bench beside me, sobbing
uncontrollably.

“Dare, Dare…” Cookie consoled Rose by depositing a cup of tea on the table in
front of her.

“Rose,” I said, “it’s okay. Really.”

“Oh, miss, the house has been a sea of tempers and discord ever since you
left,” Rose said, crying into her apron.

“Nigh, Lassy, don’ trouble Miss Stanton wi’ yisser woes,” Cookie cautioned.

“It’s all right. Really. What’s been going on?” I asked.

“Well…” Rose stopped, catching an icy stare from Cookie. “Oh, miss, it’s
just…” She tried again, still looking at the cook.

Cookie interjected, “Tis jist dat she weren’t able ter spent Christmas wi’ ‘er
family. She’s a wee bit oyt av sorts, dat’s al’.”

The cook banged her rolling pin on the cutting board with a finality that
caused Rose to forget her tears and regain her composure.

“I’m sorry, miss.” Rose began to use a napkin to dry her eyes.

I handed her another for her nose. “Rose, there’s no need to apologize. I
understand.” After I waited for her to make good use of the two napkins and
several others, I looked around the kitchen. “Now, will someone please tell me
about these meetings that kept Rose from her holiday?”

“Well miss,” Cookie said, “Lord Winston ‘as been entertain’ guests every
noight since yer lef. Dat’s why yer ‘ad ter ride wi’ Ol’ Fred from de airport.
De limo ‘as been ferryin’ guests al’ afternoon.”

Cookie stopped me before I could formulate my next question. “Nigh, shoo
witcha both before we al’ git a gran’ scoldin’.”

I smiled, wanting more than anything to give her marshmallow-shaped form a big
hug. “Thank you, Cookie.”

“T’be sure, miss. Nigh, run along.”

I doubted if anyone ever argued with Cookie, and I certainly wasn’t going to
be the first, so I grabbed my suitcase and followed Rose up the servants’
staircase, to the main floor. Once we were safely out of ear-shot from the
kitchen, I resumed my questions. “Am I supposed to stay in my room?”

Rose, sniffing and still trying to recover her voice from her earlier melt-
down, stuttered, “N-no, miss. Mr. Wilson has asked that you join the group in
the dining room as soon as you are ready.”

“Is this for dinner?”

She checked her watch. “I’m not sure, miss. I suppose it’s about that time,
but they didn’t really tell me.” Her voice started to crack, so I left her
alone to find her composure as we approached my room.

I had almost forgotten about the gifts I had received for my fake birthday but
was reminded of them in a hurry once I opened the bedroom door. “Oh my!” I
stared at the multitude of boxes neatly stacked in rows along the far wall.

“Yes, they sure jump out and greet you, don’t they, miss?” Rose said, nearly
sounding like herself again.

“They sure do.” I tried to keep my mouth from remaining open by pretending to
ignore the stacks as I walked farther into the bedroom. Once I reached the
bed, I placed my suitcase down next to a breathtakingly beautiful gown.

“It’s for this evening, miss.”

The gown flowed across the blue bedspread like sunshine glistening on a clear
stream. I felt as if I were admiring something out of a museum, a turn of the
twentieth-century museum, to be exact. A sudden thought made my heart sink.
_Great. I hope I don’t have to redo my final exam._ Regardless, its beauty
drew me toward it, and I couldn’t resist running my fingers along the bodice.
“I love the yellow beads, and the embroidered floral pattern is so subtle,
with just the right amount of lace.”

“Yes, it is stunning.” Rose smiled down at the dress. “Should I draw you a
bath, miss?” she asked, her confidence finally returning to her voice.

“Yes. Thank you, Rose.”

Unfortunately, after my bath, the fatal flaw of the dress inevitably made its
presence known.

“Why does it need a corset?” I complained in an unusually loud voice.

Rose’s face instantly fell.

I reached to touch her sleeve. “I’m sorry, Rose. I know it’s not your fault. I
just hate those things.”

“I know, miss.” She stared sadly at the dress.

I looked as well. _The dress is beautiful_. _I guess when you become a
specialist in a certain time period, you sometimes have to dress the
part…again and again._ I exhaled loudly and accepted my burden. “Well, let’s
get started.”

The dress fit perfectly, as did the matching shoes. When the dressing ordeal
was over, I stood with Rose and admired myself in the mirror.

“Someone sure knows how to shop for me,” I said, suddenly missing Sophia.

“Yes, miss.” Rose smiled at my reflection.

With the addition of a drawstring bag, Rose escorted me to the dining room
doors.

“Miss Stanton,” the waiting Mr. Wilson said, extending his arm in my
direction.

“Mr. Wilson.” I once again tried not to gag as he insisted upon kissing my
gloved hand.

The attendants opened the doors to the dining room, which was already brimming
with dozens of boisterous conversations around the table. When I entered the
room, however, silence immediately followed, and the occupants stood, with all
eyes on me.

I held on to Mr. Wilson’s arm, as if it were a life preserver in a sea of
fear. The hushed stares continued while he walked me to a chair near one end
of the dining room table.

The man at the head of the table greeted me. “Good evening, Miss Stanton.”

Sill terrified, I could only nod and say, “G-Good evening.”

“I’m Evan Conroy, President of Evergreen Research Corporation.”

“Pleased to meet you, Mr. Conroy.” I offered my hand.

“I assure you, the pleasure is entirely mine.” He smiled, maintaining eye-
contact as he kissed my glove.

Although he was an attractive man, I was too scared to blush.

Mr. Conroy then pulled out a chair for me to occupy.

“Thank you.”

I smiled at the other gentlemen standing around the table, and they all smiled
in return as my seat was pushed in for me. I couldn’t help but notice that
George was not among them.

The men, all dressed in black suits from the early 1900s, resumed their seats,
but continued to look in my direction, filling the room with their stares
instead of conversation.

They sure take this costume party seriously. I bet they’re a real hoot at
Halloween.

“Miss Stanton,” Mr. Conroy said, “I trust you experienced an enjoyable
holiday.”

“Yes. Thank you, sir.”

“Wonderful. Now, I’m sure you are wondering why you have been called here
tonight. Therefore, without further delay, allow me to explain. These fine
gentlemen seated around the table are the Evergreen Research Corporation board
members. We have summoned you here this evening to officially announce the
position you will hold with the company.”

I gritted my teeth to keep them from chattering.

“It is a high-level position in a new research project we have recently
embarked upon. It will require extensive travel and will eliminate any
possibility of home visits for a considerable amount of time. Because of the
highly sensitive nature of our research, we require you to commit to the
project prior to your knowledge of it or what your involvement will entail.”

My head began to swim, but I remained silent.

“I will ask for your answer this evening. Please consider it carefully, for
once your decision is made, you cannot change it.”

With that, Mr. Conroy rang a bell, and all the men stood. Mr. Wilson came from
behind me and pulled my chair back, forcing me to stand as well.

I felt like a bug on a windshield, with no idea what had just hit me. I tried
to find my manners, smiling at the group and thanking Mr. Conroy before I was
escorted from the room.

Rose was in the hallway, waiting to take me back to my bedroom, but there was
a look of deep concern on her face. “Are you okay, miss?”

My throat was suddenly dry. “I really don’t know.”

Back in my room, I sat at the dressing table, staring at my reflection for
what seemed hours. Rose was scurrying around behind me, packing my things into
large steamer trunks that had been placed around the room. Normally, I might
have cared enough to ask her why she was removing my things without first
knowing my decision, but none of that seemed to matter at that moment.
Instead, I just stared at myself in the mirror, hoping that the girl looking
back at me possessed all the answers. Unfortunately, by the look on her face,
I could tell she wasn’t going to be much help. The battle I waged with myself
in the mirror seemed to take on a life of its own in the Land of the Bipolar.
I was torn between my fear of the unknown and the need to honor my
obligations. _I know I don’t have to do this_ , _but I love Mom and Tom too
much to put the financial burden back on them. You’re a big girl, Em. It’s
time to act like one._

“Rose?” I finally asked.

The sound of my voice made her jump.

“Please get Mr. Wilson for me.”

She quickly ran from the room, bumping into one of the trunks as she left.

_Poor thing_. S _he seems more nervous than I am._

Mr. Wilson must have been waiting in the hall, because Rose returned almost
immediately with him at her side. “Yes, Miss Stanton?”

I stood to meet him in the doorway. “I’ve made my decision.”

“And?” he asked.

I swallowed before saying, “I am going to commit to the project.”

Monday, January 14, 2013

Dear Maude,

I don’t know if I will be able to take my journal with me where I am going, so
this might be the last time I write to you for a while. I arrived back at The
Campus and was offered a position on a new project with Evergreen Research
Corporation. Apparently, it’s confidential, so they can’t tell me what it is
until I commit to it first. I know that you always stressed stepping back and
checking the landscape before jumping in, but I don’t really have a choice
here. I feel that accepting Mom and Tom’s offer to pay off my tuition will
just mean letting everyone down, including myself. I can’t do that, Maude. I
have to grow up sometime, and I guess this is just as good a time as any.
Worst-case scenario, it will only last four years. How bad could it be?

I think someone’s coming, so I need to hide the journal and keep packing.
Hopefully, I will write again sooner rather than later.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Twelve
Chapter Twelve{{{1
# Chapter Twelve

**BY NINE O’CLOCK** that evening, most of my belongings, including my birthday
gifts, were either stored in boxes or packed into steamer trunks and removed
from my room in anticipation of my “immediate relocation,” as Mr. Wilson
referred to it.

A separate box was set aside for things deemed inappropriate for my new
position. That included my cell phone, which I assumed would be replaced with
a newer, company-issued model. Still, it would have been nice to have my old
phone when I was able to visit home again, so I attached a quickly scribbled
note: “Mom, please put this on my dresser. I love you, Emily.”

She wasn’t a fan of technology and how it “laid waste to our culture,” so she
conveniently lost track of any form of handheld electronic device, unless she
was made accountable for its existence. Had I not written the note, my phone
might have disappeared into parts unknown, never to be seen again.

Earlier, I made sure to slide the Maude suitcase against the wall in an effort
to spare it a similar fate at the hands of my new employers. Unfortunately,
without the cover of the steamer trunks, Mr. Wilson easily discovered it
during one of his so-called progress checks.

He loomed over the antiquated luggage, shaking his head. “That relic must be
sent home to your family.”

“But I want to take it with me.” I couldn’t bear to part with my last piece of
home or my journal, so I let my pleading eyes work their magic, and added,
“Please?”

“Hmm.” Rather than making eye contact, however, he focused his attention on
the suitcase that remained on the floor. Then he reached down and grabbed it
by the handle. “I’ll need to have this approved.”

“Okay.” I tried to remain calm, hoping my journal wouldn’t be discovered in
the process.

As he turned to go, I touched him on the sleeve. “Mr. Wilson, I have just one
more question before you leave.”

“Yes?”

“Where am I going exactly?”

“That, Miss Stanton, will be addressed later this evening.” He then turned on
his heels and exited the room, carrying my suitcase.

I anxiously awaited Mr. Wilson’s return, pacing the floor, still in my
uncomfortably corseted outfit.

For most of the evening, the bedroom had been a frenzy of wheeled carts and
footmen, all jockeying for position as they emptied the room of my things.

I eventually sat on the edge of the bed, trying to get out of their way, while
avoiding crushing my organs in an effort to find a comfortable sitting
position in my corset. Sadly, there really was none to be had.

Rose seemed to be in her own world, ordering everyone around as she created
some form of order in her packing. Even the occasional smile or wink from
Robert didn’t deter her from her task.

_She’s a machine!_ It was difficult not to admire her efficiency.

After the last trunk was removed, Rose surveyed the room, opening and closing
drawers to ensure that they were all empty.

“Good job, Rose,” I said with a smile.

She used her apron to wipe her forehead. “Oh, thank you, miss.”

“Are you coming with me?”

“I don’t know, miss. They haven’t mentioned it.”

“Well, I do hope to see you again.” I gave her a long-overdue hug. “Thank you
for everything.”

“No, miss, thank _you_ ,” she said, her voice cracking. “I’ll just go fetch
Mr. Wilson.”

Several minutes later, Mr. Wilson returned, alone, holding Maude’s sticker-
clad case. “This really is a fine piece,’ he said, handing it to me. “It’s in
surprisingly great condition for its age, almost museum quality.”

“Really?” I turned the case over in my hands. “How old is it?”

“It was manufactured in France in the late 1800s.” He paused. “It’s very rare
and easily met the approval of the project coordinators.”

I couldn’t imagine what they had to approve about an old suitcase, but I
guessed it had something to do with its quality. I simply accepted his
response without further comment; at least until my examination of the
suitcase found it lacking something vital. “They removed the stenciling,” I
said, noting the absence of Maude’s name in horror. I turned the case over in
my hands. “And some of the stickers.”

He stared at the case. “They needed to. Otherwise, it would not have been
allowed.”

_What else wasn’t allowed?_ I thought of the Maude journal and panicked. So I
set the suitcase on the bed and opened it, out of Mr. Wilson’s view,
pretending to examine the condition of the interior while feeling for the
false bottom and the journal it held. “Yes, the fabric seems to be intact,” I
said as my fingers made contact with the corner of the journal. Then I closed
the case and again examined the exterior and the missing stenciling. _It
wasn’t my name, but still! Could it have possibly created that much
confusion?_

Before I could voice my thoughts regarding the defacement of my family
heirloom, Mr. Wilson consulted a pocket watch he had retrieved from the breast
pocket of his vest and announced, “We must leave now to avoid being late.”

Feeling defeated, I wanted to cry, but chose to look at the bright side. _At
least I get to take it with me._ “They did a good job, anyway,” I said, mostly
for Mr. Wilson’s benefit.

“Yes, they’re professionals.” He nodded absently.

“Well, thank you,” I forced myself to say.

“Of course.”

In an effort to compose myself, I decided to change the subject. “One more
thing, Mr. Wilson, if I may.”

“Yes?”

“Will I be debriefed on my final exam?” I remembered George’s comment before
my trip home for Christmas.

“Sorry, but I don’t know anything about that. I suspect if you don’t, you can
assume they were all extremely pleased with your performance. They have
offered you a very prestigious position, after all.

_Yeah, so everyone tells me_.

He gestured toward the open door. “Now…after you.”

Still holding the suitcase, I stepped into the hallway and followed him down
the stairs and to the elevator door, where he pressed the down button.

“This is where I bid you _adieu_.”

“Oh. Well, thank you, Mr. Wilson, for, uh…everything.” I smiled, offering him
my bare hand and wishing I hadn’t packed my gloves away. _Please shake! Please
shake!_

My unspoken pleading was useless as he took my hand and placed a sloppy kiss
upon the knuckles.

_Eew!_ I struggled to keep my face from giving my thoughts away.

Fortunately, the elevator door opened just in time to capture his attention
and stop the kiss.

_Phew!_ I refreshed my smile in genuine relief.

I was greeted by one of the movers, who exited the elevator and held the door
open for me as I entered. He reentered, closed the door, and pressed the
unmarked bottom button, which required him to turn a key before it would light
up. The elevator found our floor in seconds and opened to reveal a marble-
covered lobby that housed a short hallway, which dead-ended into a set of
double doors.

“Wait here.” He gestured to the space outside the elevator and kept the door
open during my exit.

After only taking a few steps, I heard the elevator door close behind me. I
stood nervously in the lobby, trying to keep my teeth from chattering by
softly singing to myself. I had finished the second tune and was halfway
through the third when one of the large doors opened, producing Mr. Conroy.

“Hello, Miss Stanton. I’m sorry to keep you waiting.” He walked toward me with
his right hand outstretched.

“Hello, Mr. Conroy.” I offered him my bare hand in return.

He left it untouched, and a look of horror overtook his face. “Where are your
gloves?”

“Packed, I’m afraid.” I smiled, hoping to avoid being demoted before I even
started.

“Well, that simply won’t do!”

_At least I can type…and my phone skills aren’t too bad either._ I now hoped
for a desk job.

Without another word, he escorted me down the hallway and into a room on the
right that was not visible from the lobby. I spent the next hour being poked
and prodded in ways similar to my orientation, albeit by a different set of
doctors. It was just as enjoyable as the first time around, only quicker.

Once that ordeal was over, Mr. Conroy met me outside the double-doors with a
fresh pair of white kid gloves, which he handed to me in silence.

I placed the Maude suitcase on the floor and put the gloves on. _Hopefully,
I’ll at least have access to indoor plumbing and something other than bread
and water to eat._

He opened the double-doors and motioned for me to enter.

Inside, I was met by a group of people in lab coats, all of them carrying
clipboards. They stared at me, expressionless, as we walked past what appeared
to be a glass-encased control room.

_I feel like a poor, unfortunate rat, waiting to become just another
statistic!_ I wished that someone, anyone would smile.

Our journey ended in a heavily guarded glass enclosure with a large, vault-
like door looming in front of us. Mr. Conroy punched a code into a keypad to
the right of the door and stepped forward to a retina scanner. He leaned
closer to the device, and after several seconds, the great door made a loud
clicking sound. Then, he turned the giant wheel on the front of the door and,
with the assistance of an armed guard who had been standing on the left side
of the opening, pulled the enormous thing open.

_Dang!_ I stared in amazement. _It must be five feet thick, if not six._

We passed through the doorway into the cavernous entrance beyond, and I heard
the door close behind us as we walked down a chilly hallway to a conference
room that looked very similar to the dining room in Winston Manor. Inside were
seated three of the gentlemen who had attended the meeting earlier.

“Miss Stanton, these are our benefactors. Without their generous support, none
of this would be possible.” He gestured at the men with both hands upturned,
as if they deserved some form of worship.

The men rose and walked toward me.

No further introductions were made as I smiled and offered each of them my
hand, followed by, “Pleased to meet you,” and a curtsey just in case, before
being offered a seat at the table.

“I’m sure you can appreciate the fact that our benefactors prefer to remain
anonymous.”

“Of course.” I smiled, pretending I knew what he was talking about. _I think
I’d appreciate knowing what is going on even more._

“As you know,” Mr. Conroy continued, “Evergreen Research Corporation is a
leader in sociological research. What you might not know is that many of our
methods are, shall we say, unconventional.”

The four men laughed.

Boy, do I feel stupid!

“You have been chosen to participate in one of our most unconventional
projects to date, the largest undertaking in the history of our company.” He
paused. “And you will play a key role in the project.”

If my throat wasn’t devoid of any form of moisture, I would have
swallowed—hard.

“We call it _Project Genesis,_ ” he said, smiling with pride.

I must have appeared as clueless as I felt, for Mr. Conroy suddenly stopped
his speech to ask, “Do you have any questions?”

_Any?_ _Yeah…only about a million!_ I took a deep breath and exhaled before
finally saying, __ “Yes, sir, I do.”

Mr. Conroy nodded. “Proceed.”

“What does this project entail?”

“It is an in-depth, hands-on study of what we consider one of the most pivotal
time periods in our country’s history, the decade beginning in the Year 1910.”

“Hands-on?”

“Yes.” He hesitated. “Let’s just say that you will…live and breathe that
decade.”

“How?”

He paused again, looking to the other three who each nodded their heads. “Our
methods involve total immersion.”

“But how do you simulate that?” My question was followed by renewed laughter
of the group.

“Simulate?” Mr. Conroy tried to compose himself. “No, my dear. There is no
simulation. We operate with a far simpler, yet very effective approach.” He
smiled. “We call it…time travel.”

_Did I hear that right?_ _God, did I just sign on with a company full of
whack-jobs?_

The laughter died down, and all eyes were on me when I stopped panicking
inside enough to ask, “Has that really been done?”

“Many times, and these gentlemen are living proof. All three are from the
past.”

I stared from one face to the next in disbelief. I felt like vomiting or
making a run for it or both, but then I remembered the big vault door. _I’m
trapped._ “Why me?” I asked my question aloud to the universe.

Instead, I received a reply from Mr. Conroy: “Because we have been grooming
you for this position for more than four years now, and you consistently
surpassed all others in every category.”

“Especially one,” the dark-haired gentlemen from across the table said.

“Which one?” I almost whispered.

Mr. Conroy took his time, choosing his words diplomatically. “You are the only
one who, shall we say, has her morals intact.”

_Who’d have thought that saving myself for marriage would have landed me a
job?_ I felt the blush creep up my neck and wished someone would either crank
the A/C or fan me. _That explains those lovely doctor visits._

A few moments of quiet passed, allowing my blushing to stop, as the men around
the table talked among themselves.

“What will my job involve?”

“You will live in the original Winston Manor, as the niece of the owner. The
feedback you provide from your study of the period will help us to further
understand the people and events that shaped history.”

I finally found enough saliva to swallow. “Will it hurt?”

The laughter began again.

_I’m glad you all find me so amusing!_ I was having a difficult time hiding my
anger and my comments.

Mr. Conroy wiped the tears of laughter from his eyes. “No, there is no pain
involved in the process. Now, I will send you next door so you can freshen up
before your journey.” He scooted his chair back and stood, followed by the
other men.

I stood as well but was met by a pair of unstable legs, so I needed to brace
myself on Mr. Conroy’s arm as he led me to a restroom. Hovering over the
commode, I attempted to vomit, until my stomach realized it was empty.
Instead, I relocated to a bench near the sink, where I sat and hugged my Maude
suitcase. I began to cry, remembering Mr. Conroy’s words, “…once your decision
is made, you cannot change it.” It didn’t help that Mr. Wilson had shoved a
mountain of paperwork in front of me earlier, threatening all forms of
punishment if I tried to back out or disclose anything to anyone.

I attempted to cheer myself. _Maybe I can go as the mute niece of the owner._

I stood at the mirror, practicing my best Maude voice to my puffy reflection:
“What a pickle you’ve gotten yourself into!”

Unable to bend without injury to a vital organ, I gave up trying to splash
water on my face and settled for the rough wetness of a paper towel as a
substitute.

When I finally exited the restroom, Mr. Conroy and the three men from the
meeting were standing just outside the door.

“Miss Stanton, are you ready?”

“Yes.” I firmly grasped my Maude suitcase like a security blanket.

He pointed in the direction of another heavily guarded vault door. “Good. Once
you go through those doors, these gentlemen will escort you to your
destination.”

“Thank you…” _I guess_. My voice wanted to crack or run away, screaming in
fear. Either way, it wasn’t of much use.

“You’re quite welcome…and good luck.” He pressed buttons on the keypad and
went through the same retina scan ritual as he had on the other vault
entrance.

Once the door was open, we were met by another darker, cave-like entrance that
housed what looked like an old rollercoaster car, complete with four rows of
leather seats.

“Did you borrow this from an amusement park?” I walked to the front of the car
to see if any identifying words were painted on the front, but it was solid
black with no writing. I looked up and was met by the cold eyes of my three
unamused escorts. “Guess not.”

The car was attached to a track that led straight into the darkness of the
tunnel. I shivered and walked to the last row, then stowed my suitcase on the
floor before strapping myself into the red leather seat with the attached
belt.

A man in a white lab coat checked all our seatbelts, pulled a long lap bar
down in front of every seat, and handed each of us a set of goggles, similar
to what a skier would wear. “Put these on,” he said. I did as I was told.

Once we were all belted in and goggled, he bolted a cover over the top of the
car, one that had been suspended above us in the darkness. When he was safely
behind the vault door, a bell sounded, and the car lurched forward. For some
reason, the memory of the crazy limo ride to The Garden came to mind; as a
precaution, I closed my eyes.

As soon as the car began to move, it accelerated at such a high rate of speed
that I thought I would disintegrate. About halfway through the ride, I started
to feel dizzy, and I had to open my eyes to try to stop the spinning. The
walls of the tunnel seemed to ooze a sort of iridescent green liquid that
changed from purple to yellow and back to green as we moved forward. The air
became heavy with an odor I did not recognize—a combination of leaded exhaust
and fried food that seemed to permeate my being. I squeezed my eyes closed
again, fighting the urge to scream by gritting my teeth behind sealed lips and
gripping the bar for dear life.

The ride felt as if it took an eternity, but it probably lasted only minutes.

Nothing helped the dizziness until we finally started to decelerate. As the
car slowed, I was able to take longer, deeper breaths and realized I had
probably been holding my breath off and on throughout the trip. Once we came
to a stop, I opened my eyes and looked ahead at the tunnel.

We sat in the car for a few minutes while another white-coated assistant
removed the cover, collected our goggles, and unlatched our lap bars.

I unfastened my seatbelt and tried to step out of the car but couldn’t get my
balance. “Darn shoes!” I said, but my attempt at a joke sounded more pathetic
than funny.

One of the gentlemen grabbed me around the waist and held me up, while another
took my suitcase.

We proceeded in silence to a vault door exactly like the others. A similar key
code and retina scan gained us entrance.

When the door opened, I was assaulted by a waft of the most foul-smelling
stench I’d ever experienced. I was grateful for my empty stomach as we walked
into a hallway with a meeting room on one side, followed by another vault
door. Everything was a mirror-image of the vaults, halls, and control room at
the other end of the tunnel, right down to the elevator doors.

_This must be a joke. Everything looks the same, even the weird people in lab
coats_. _That tunnel must have taken us in a circle._

I rode the elevator to the dining room level of the house and stepped out into
the hallway. Two of the gentlemen bowed and went down the corridor that led to
the main entrance of the house.

The third handed me my suitcase and bowed dramatically. “Welcome to Winston
Manor,” he said. Then he walked in the same direction as the other two.

_Of course it’s Winston Manor. I’ve been duped!_ I waited for a guy to jump
out from behind a hidden camera and say, “Surprise!” but that didn’t happen.

Instead, I took my suitcase and mumbled my way past rows of closed doors and
curtained windows. When I finally reached my room on the second floor and
stepped inside, I found all my things unpacked and arranged throughout it.

“Okay!” I looked around smiling. “You can come out now.”

I waited, but no one made an appearance.

“Really, you can come out!”

In search of a hidden camera or its crew, I opened the wardrobe and scooted
the clothes aside, only to find smooth wooden walls. Then I looked under the
bed.

“You fooled me. Ha-ha. Very funny.”

Still nothing.

“You sure had me going there for a minute.”

I reached up to draw back the big curtains and take a look at the stars
outside, but as soon as I started to open them, I knew something was terribly
wrong.

“Where’s that light coming from?”

I pulled more of the curtain aside.

It took a few seconds for me to realize what I was looking at; instead of
viewing the grounds in the moonlight, I was staring at them in full sun.

“What the heck?” I stepped onto the balcony. “Did I fall asleep? And where are
my trees?” I noticed that the enormous sugar maples I had admired almost every
day for the prior six months were hardly more than ten feet tall.

“This isn’t happening!” I shouted as I ran back into the room.

I quickly changed into the riding gear I had noticed in the wardrobe during my
earlier search, then hurried down the stairs and out of the house toward the
stables.

_I don’t care if ladies don’t run_!

I entered the stables quicker than I should have around the poor horses.

Startled, the animals all protested as I looked for a friendly face. An old
mare stared at me amidst the chaos, so I chose her. I saddled her up and led
her out, then mounted her and rode along the road, in the direction of the
airstrip.

“Where is it?” I looked for the guardhouse that usually kept me from getting
too close to the hangars.

It was gone, and so was the giant razor-wire-covered fence that ran along the
road past the guardhouse.

As I wound around the corner that normally opened up into the clearing that
held the airstrip, my worst fears were realized.

“It’s gone too!” I stared at the trees that filled the space instead.

I continued to ride, out to the entrance of the estate and the main road that
led to the nearby village. I had never been allowed to ride that far before
but assumed I would find it filled with cars traveling to the village.
Instead, it only held a horse-drawn wagon with the words “Baum Family Dairy”
on the side, as well as a chauffeur-driven motor car, similar to ones I had
learned about in the _Orientation Manual_.

I nearly fell off my horse when the car honked, and the milk wagon driver
tipped his hat as they passed.

“That settles it,” I said, mumbling. “No one in my time would use a horn to
offer a friendly hello.”

I stared for a moment longer, then I turned my horse back toward the house.


* Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Thirteen{{{1
# Chapter Thirteen

**NO AMOUNT OF** prior planning or training could have prepared me for my life
in the past. In fact, I was glad I hadn’t been informed of my travel plans
before the trip; otherwise, I would have been extremely disappointed.

It was January, but I hardly noticed. I spent my first few weeks at the manor,
acclimating my intestinal flora to the turn-of-the-twentieth-century diet and
extreme lack of proper sanitation. Fortunately, toilet paper had already been
invented, or that would have been another set of problems to suffer through.

During my second week of getting to know the path between my bed and the
bathroom, my main benefactor, most likely impatient with my illness, chose to
introduce himself to me.

“Hello, Miss Stanton!” He smiled down at me as I lay on the bathroom floor,
moaning. “I’m Lord Alistair Winston.”

“Pleased to meet you.” I cringed, fighting a stomach cramp that kept me in the
fetal position.

“Sorry to see that you’re not feeling well, but rest assured that it will
pass. You all seem to get it, you know.”

_No, I don’t know…and it gives me no comfort in knowing!_ I kept my thoughts
to myself, however, and offered a simple, “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome, dear.” He quickly turned and left me to my nausea.

Aside from my digestive issues, which Lord Winston conveniently explained to
outsiders as being a souvenir of a recent “trip across the pond,” I couldn’t
get beyond the strange smell that invisibly blanketed the air. It was almost
sticky and contributed to several bouts of nausea whenever my nurse decided to
open my French doors to the balcony. I eventually learned to tolerate it
enough, so that a full month and ten fewer pounds later, I was finally feeling
up to donning my corset and exploring my surroundings.

I started down the hallway outside my room and almost made it to the staircase
that led to the first floor before I heard someone clearing his throat behind
me. When I turned around, I was met by the serious face of a man walking
toward me.

“Good morning! You must be Miss Stanton. I’m Niles Hodges. I’ll be assisting
you in your transition.”

My manners escaped me for several seconds as I stared in disbelief at my new
Mr. Wilson. He was gorgeous, just shy of six feet tall, with dark brown hair
and brown eyes that were surrounded by the thickest lashes I had ever seen;
they seemed unnatural, almost glued on, yet they somehow fit his face. I was
transfixed by his every blink as he drew closer. _Women pay for that_ … _I
would pay for that!_

Fortunately, my illness left me too weak to summon a blush, but he was
standing right in front of me before I finally came out of my trance.

I offered him my hand to avoid any further embarrassment. “Yes, nice to meet
you Mr. Hodges.” _Please kiss, please, please!_ Instead, I only received a
small wiggle of a handshake without eye contact. _Figures._ I pulled my hand
back in disappointment.

Hodges was closer to my age than Mr. Wilson and relied on his brain instead of
a clipboard to keep track of things. He dressed the part of a school master,
complete with a vest and accompanying pocket watch, attached with a chain,
which he constantly withdrew from a small pocket and consulted throughout our
meetings. “Please follow me,” he said. “We shall take breakfast in the drawing
room.”

_I’ll follow you anywhere._ My thoughts kept me staring at the soft curls that
ran along the back of his neck.

We spent the next several hours discussing the preliminary rules for my new
assignment.

“I’m your cousin from Boston,” he said, sipping coffee between sentences.

_Hopefully a really distant cousin!_ I smiled into my tea cup.

“You may not venture into the village or anywhere off the property without an
escort, which will be either me or Lord Winston.”

“Is that a cultural norm?” I asked, pretending to forget my course on
etiquette.

“The Americans didn’t exactly enforce this more European tradition, but we
tend to be a bit…overprotective. We certainly don’t want anything to happen to
you.” He cocked his head to the side slightly and offered a small smile.

I instantly turned to butter. _Can I keep him, Mommy? Can I?_ Then, I just
smiled, feeling that long-overdue blush looming.

“Finally—and this is extremely important—do not, under any circumstances,
speak with anyone about the program except for me or Lord Winston.” He paused
and stared, unblinking, with his eyebrows almost meeting at the bridge of his
nose. “No one!”

“Okay, but aren’t there others here who are also participating?”

“Yes, however, their assignments differ from yours. And even a seemingly
innocent conversation with one of them might divulge information that could
jeopardize the entire project.”

I nodded, staring into his intense, chocolate-brown eyes. _I’d love to be a
marshmallow floating in that cup of cocoa!_

I struggled to focus on his rules as he continued, “Many, many years of
research have paved the way for us to be sitting here today. I can’t stress
enough the importance of your role, and the secrecy involved in its safe-
keeping.” He took another sip of coffee. “In fact, when others try to engage
in conversation regarding the future or the project, I want you to let me know
immediately.”

I just smiled and blew into my tea cup, avoiding any form of eye contact. _I’m
no snitch, so good luck enforcing that one_. I remembered the times in my past
when telling on someone only caused problems for me. Fortunately, he didn’t
press the issue, and I didn’t offer any resistance when the meeting finally
ended.

Afterward, he introduced me to the staff and walked me around the perimeter of
the house, pointing out the features that did not exist in the property of the
future.

“What’s that smell?” I asked, as a sudden wave of nausea hit me.

“The air?” he asked.

I hesitated. “Well…yes.” _What else could it be?_ I hoped he hadn’t just
passed gas.

“It’s an accumulation of lead and other particles—a result of the Industrial
Revolution. I’m afraid it becomes worse as you get closer to the city.”

“Do you ever get used to it?” I asked.

“No, but you learn to accept it. You’ll have to train your mind to think of
other things.”

“That’ll be a challenge.”

“Yes, but I have faith in you.” He openly smiled in my direction for the first
time, revealing a row of straight, white teeth that seemed to welcome visitors
to the lips that surrounded them.

The blush came before I could stop it, and I knew I had to turn away and
increase my pace, in order to avoid further embarrassment.

It took a few seconds for him to finally catch up with me. “What’s the rush?”

“Oh, just a sudden burst of energy,” I said with a smile.

He shook his head and frowned, clearly not amused. “I think we should call it
a day.”

Great. Now he thinks I’m a psycho.

“And, by the way, you need to speak to everyone, including me, as if you are
from this time—because, in fact, you now are.”

In that instant, the reality of my situation came crashing in with a loud
_thud_. _The future is my past._ I could feel the tears well up in my eyes
along with the knowledge that my mom didn’t exist and wouldn’t for decades.

“Understand?” he asked, his tone coarse, almost cruel.

_So much for that love affair!_ I offered a simple, “Yes,” without turning
toward him.

We walked in silence, past the set of French doors outside the conservatory.

Suddenly, he stopped and softly tapped me on the arm. “My apologies if that
came across so insensitively. I’m sorry, too, if I spoiled your first day out
of your room.”

I offered a weak smile, which encouraged him to continue.

“I do know what you’re going through. This is all relatively new for me too. I
spent my first month trying to adjust as well. I do hope you can forgive me.”
He reached for my hand, which I willingly gave to him. He drew it up to his
mouth and planted the softest, sexiest kiss I had ever received.

My lips envied my hand as I walked, almost in a dreamlike state, back to my
room.

From that point forward, Hodges would stop talking entirely before he would
even raise his voice with me. In time, he became a true gentleman, and I was
working diligently at being a proper lady. Unlike Mr. Wilson’s company,
Hodges’s was much more enjoyable. He seemed to know the answers to all of my
questions and wasn’t afraid to share them with me.

“How is it possible for Lord Winston to be a called a lord?” I asked Hodges
one afternoon.

“He’s an actual lord in England, estate and all.”

“Where’s his accent?”

“He shed it.”

“Why?”

“His late wife despised it. She was an American.”

“Therefore, he just…discarded it?”

“You must know that she held the purse strings in the relationship. If he
hadn’t married her or someone else with a wealthy father, he would have lost
his estate. The practice of American heiresses marrying English lords to prop
up their estates and, in return, gain a title in the process, was very popular
during this time.”

“I remember learning about that,” I said, recalling Dr. Moore’s lessons.

“Lord Winston is living proof,” he added.

“And Winston Manor?”

“It belonged to her family. It used to be called Shefton House, but he renamed
it after her death.”

I smiled. “No ego there.”

He laughed and said, “None that I can see.”

We often walked throughout the estate arm in arm, as Hodges filled my brain
with an endless stream of details about the property, its inhabitants, and,
most importantly, life in 1910. Although my attraction for him grew and seemed
to be mutual, my hand was the only recipient of any lip-related affection.
_Number six saw to that!_ I silently complained about the rule that prevented
dating.

In addition to constant instruction from Hodges, my mornings were spent in
elocution classes, which picked up where my etiquette classes left off. The
speech seemed awkward, clunky, and unnatural but was excused by my instructors
as a necessary evil. Hodges and I tried to make light of it, though, by
frequently mocking it. The dialogue followed a similar pattern:

“Do people really speak in this manner?” I asked, batting my eyelashes.

“Quite frankly, Miss Stanton, an answer to your question would require my
interest in the subject, which I am most afraid I currently lack.” He smirked,
then punctuated it with yet another spine-tingling kiss to my hand.

“Such strong words, Mr. Hodges,” I said with a smile.

“As the situation dictates, milady.”

The conversation continued in a similar, overly civil way as he escorted me to
my next riding lesson.

After several weeks of such “preoccupations,” as Lord Winston described my
lessons, he returned from a trip abroad with a houseful of guests and plans
for my future. “It is high time we presented you to society!” he announced.

The newly arrived crowd cheered as Lord Winston grabbed my hand and spun me in
circles on the entryway tile. He not only physically resembled his great-
grandson, but also embraced life in a large way. Unlike George, however, he
didn’t have anything to prove and traveled with an entourage of clingers-on
who constantly reminded him of his standing. Their uninhibited adoration was
more nauseating than the ever-present stench in the air.

Finally, the exaggerated joy of those in front of me became unbearable. “But
Uncle?” I asked.

He stopped to smile at me. “Yes, my dear?”

“Aren’t coming-out balls out of season in February?” I asked, trying to recall
my lessons.

His booming laugh filled the room as usual. “Oh, my dear girl! Coming out?
From where? Were you in hiding?”

He pretended to look underneath the nearest table, much to the amusement of
his guests. “Well, I’d quite say you’re already here, aren’t you? Besides,
you’re a Winston. We Winston’s set the trends, not follow them. We’ll set a
date for March and simply start the Summer Season off early… and with a bang!”

I finally remembered from my lessons that during that time of year, known as
Lent, people usually spent time at home, rather than attending balls. “But,
before Easter, Uncle? Will anyone attend?”

“They will if they know what’s good for them.” He returned his attention to
his guests, who giggled and clapped as if Lord Winston had just invented the
light bulb. “Oh, and one more thing.” He again turned toward me with an
almost-evil smile spread across his face. “None of this restaurant business.
No, we’ll have the thing at home.”

I just stared, speechless, as he turned back to his fan club. _Might as well
just chuck my training out the window!_ The trend of having coming-out balls
at a restaurant rather than at one’s house was all the rage, but arguing the
point was useless. Lord Winston had spoken—that was that—and there were no
more discussions on the subject. Thus, preparations started immediately for
“The Ball That Would Start All Balls,” as Lord Winston began to refer to it.
Unfortunately for me, it also meant an acceleration in my lesson schedule that
left me exhausted at the end of each day.

The weeks leading up to the ball were also filled with dress measurements,
menu choices, waltz selections, and other details that entirely overwhelmed
me. “I can’t wait for this to be over!” I complained to Hodges.

“Excuse me, miss? Did I hear you say that you are anticipating the upcoming
festivities with great excitement?”

“I hate you!” I elbowed him in the ribs as we walked to my next appointment.

By the time the day of the ball arrived, my nerves were shot. I hadn’t slept
in several nights, and I looked like it.

“You are as lovely as ever,” Hodges said, standing behind me and smiling as I
stared at the dark circles and bags my reflection offered from my dressing
table mirror.

I returned his compliment through a false smile. “And you, sir, are an
immense, fresh bovine excrement, exuding steam on a dewy spring morn’.”

“Tsk, tsk, my lovely buttercup. Aren’t we in a maggot-riddled mood this fine
morning?” He laughed at his own cleverness.

I suddenly was not in the mood to continue the mocking banter we often
resorted to in such situations. “Why don’t you vigorously rotate clockwise
about your axis?”

He took me by the shoulders from behind, reached down, and kissed me gently on
the cheek. “Perhaps a ride might offer a new perspective?” He locked eyes with
mine in the mirror.

“I think it might.” I put my hands on his. “One should never underestimate the
power of fresh, smelly air.”

He kissed me again and left the room.

“He made it past my hand—hope we don’t get sent home.” I smiled sarcastically
at my reflection.

I donned my riding gear and walked toward the stables. Everyone I passed
quickly looked away after I greeted them. _Man, I must look worse than before.
This would be a good day for sunglasses. I wish someone would hurry up and
make them popular._ I tried to avoid making further contact until I reached
the stables.

While the stronger, faster, prettier horses were constantly missing from their
stalls, I never had to worry about that with the old mare I rode my first day.
She was always available, and I grew to love her.

Fortunately, I remembered to bring her an apple that morning. “Who names their
horse Estelle, anyway?”

She nuzzled me as I teased her with the apple, finally letting her eat it.

“A pretty name for a pretty horse,” I said, as she chomped away.

After I saddled her up, I decided to ride along the west property line of the
estate. I seldom went that direction because the boundary lacked landmarks,
but on that particular morning, I didn’t care. I rode for hours, up and down
hills and along streams. By the time we returned to the stables, Estelle was
slick with sweat, but I finally felt refreshed.

“Good girl,” I said, repeating it often as I brushed Estelle’s coat to a nice
gloss.

“There you are, miss!” said one of the housemaids, out of breath as she rushed
into the stalls.

I put up my hands to keep the girl from getting me trampled. “Slow down, Jane!
You’ll scare the horses.”

“My apologies, miss, but the house is in an uproar looking for you. The guests
will be arriving soon!”

“But the ball isn’t set to start until six.”

“Yes, and it is four o’clock, miss.”

_Great._ I gave the brush to the stable boy and returned to the house with
Jane, hoping to sneak up the back stairs and avoid any sort of confrontation
with Lord Winston. Those hopes were dashed, however, when we approached the
house, where he was standing outside the back entrance, holding his pocket
watch.

“I’m sorry. I suppose I lost track of time.”

“You’re lucky I found you first. Hodges is about ready to string you up!”

“Oh dear!” I handed my muddy boots to Jane as I mounted the stairs that led to
my bedroom and my doom.

“A ride, Miss Stanton…not an expedition!” Hodges greeted me with clenched
teeth as I entered the room.

“I’m sorry. I lost track of time.”

“No excuses. Where did you go? Everyone was out looking for you!”

I paused. “I went…west.”

“Are you out of your mind? Did you also go to the village?”

“Of course not! I know better than that,” I said, angry and hurt by his
accusation.

“Why did you go to the west?”

“Because I have never been there!”

“I’ve never jumped off a cliff, but you won’t find me attempting such a feat!”
His arms flew in the air as he began pacing the floor.

I stared in disbelief. “What’s your problem?”

Hodges shot me a look that could have cut through steel. “Watch your mouth!”

“Fine, I am sorry to have offended your frail sensibilities, milord.”

His face changed from pink to crimson as he fought for words. Finally, they
found their way out from behind clenched teeth. “You make us both look bad,
Miss Stanton.”

“Oh, what a shame. I was hoping you would say that I gave _you_ a scare or its
equal!” I felt my throat tighten. “I’m sorry that my actions reflect badly
upon you. I shan’t let them go unchecked in the future.” I cleared my throat,
hoping to keep the tears at bay for a few minutes longer. “Please vacate my
boudoir, so I might ready myself for this evening.”

“Em…er, Miss Stanton, uh, Winston…I, well…I really didn’t…This whole thing is
so…”

“Thank you, but I need to get ready, sir.” I pushed him toward the door and
closed it behind him, then leaned against it as the tears began to freely flow
down my cheeks.

“I’m sorry,” his muffled voice echoed softly from the other side of the door.

I sobbed quietly as I heard his footsteps slowly fade down the hallway. I
dried my eyes and washed my face just in time for a crew of housemaids to
descend upon me, ready to transform me into the belle of the ball.


* Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fourteen{{{1
# Chapter Fourteen

**MY INTRODUCTION TO** society was nothing short of a rebirth and equally as
painful. I was scrubbed and dressed by a group of housemaids who were short on
conversation and long on torture. I was manhandled throughout the entire
process. From my bath to the tightening of my corset, they seemed to take
pleasure in scrubbing, poking, and squeezing the life right out of me. In the
end, I looked better than I had on any previous occasion but felt as if I had
been starched straight and strapped to someone’s collar. I could hardly walk,
and normal breathing was definitely out of the question, so my trip down the
hall resembled a slow, tortured march to my death. I had regained most of the
weight I lost in my first month at the manor, and I fought to take a breath
against the tightness of a corset that would have fit me better during my
illness. _Now I know how it feels to have asthma!_

Hodges met me near the top of the stairs, walking toward me in a black tuxedo
that was tailored to a flattering fit. He folded my gloved hand into the crook
of his arm. “I’m sorry for my earlier outburst.”

I held his arm in an attempt to take the pressure off my already aching feet.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t born a male.”

He patted my hand as we walked down the stairs, toward the sound of voices and
the ensemble who were tuning their instruments in the dining room.

My appearance sparked some interest amongst the early arrivals, causing them
to stop talking and turn to smile in my direction. I smiled and curtseyed in
greeting as they returned to their conversation.

I was unsure how to handle the situation. “Should I say something to them?” I
whispered to Hodges as he led me away from the group.

“No. They’re just Lord Winston’s houseguests.”

I squinted to get a better look. “I didn’t recognize them.”

“Well, that’s because they’re not attached to Lord Winston’s coattails.”

“That explains it.” I smiled, trying not to engage in any other form of
elaboration that would cause me to laugh or even breathe any more than
necessary.

When the real guests began to arrive, I stood in a reception line near the
door, next to Lord Winston, who warmly greeted all of them with the
appropriate handshake or kiss. As the line grew, I quickly realized that Lord
Winston’s prediction was correct. Everyone on my guest list showed, in all of
their finery, regardless of the odd timing of the event. Although hundreds of
guests filtered through the entrance that evening, Lord Winston knew them all
by name and treated each one as if he or she was the only person in the room.

_He’s good!_ I tried to absorb his technique as the guests were then
introduced to me.

“And this is my niece, Emily!” He offered a genuinely proud-looking smile that
seemed to infect the guests with the urge to regard me with instant affection.

“Oh, aren’t you lovely,” or, “So very glad to finally meet you,” was said time
and time again.

I soon realized that I didn’t need to worry about mimicking Lord Winston’s
methods, because in every instance, he answered for me. “Yes, she is…yes, she
is!” or, “Yes, we’ve kept her well-hidden, haven’t we?” He always followed
those remarks with a half-hug and a squeeze of my shoulder. Fortunately, his
booming laugh echoed less and less as the crowd grew and absorbed the noise.

In fact, the most I said in the reception line was, “Thank you.” It left me
feeling and most likely looking like a useless ragdoll with a permanent smile
painted on.

Hodges stood to my right and, after each introduction, whispered the person’s
name again and their societal standing. By the time the last guest arrived, my
brain was overloaded with information, and my cheeks felt as if they had
permanent cramps in them from all of the smiling.

Finally, Hodges rescued me and escorted me across the room to a free spot near
the punch bowl, where he began to review the identities of the guests. In a
relatively short amount of time, however, my corset-induced oxygen-starved
brain was having trouble making connections.

And Hodges’ usual patience was reaching its limit for the second time that
day. “No, no, no! Judge Stall is the key magistrate, who handles all land use
issues in the county. Simon Stowe breeds thoroughbreds that consistently top
the winners’ board at Saratoga and Belmont!”

“They need to change their names. It would make more sense if Stall bred
horses,” I said, trying to insert a little humor into the conversation, while
also forgetting to speak as a lady of the time might.

The joke fell flat. Hodges grabbed a glass of champagne from a passing tray
and downed it in one gulp, then placed the empty glass on the same tray before
the server could walk away.

“Can’t you just write this all down for me later? Better yet, can you make me
a little book with pictures?” I asked.

“You really must take this seriously.”

“I am, but I can’t think right now.”

“Well, you had better start, because you will be issued your first assignment
soon. You must be thoroughly prepared, and it is my job to see that you are.”

“Excuse me?” I asked, shocked. “I thought _this_ was my first assignment.”

“No, this is simply your grace period.”

“But—”

“You must pay attention and learn who these people are. I’m not certain how
much time you have remaining, but I do know that it’s limited.”

“What if I can’t do it?”

“Remember those maids who dressed you this evening?”

“Yes. They were so pleasant. How could I forget?”

“Well, they’re wash-outs.”

“They’re what?”

“The ones who didn’t make it.” He lowered his voice, looking around before
continuing, “You purposely have not been assigned your own maid while you are
still proving your worth. If you don’t do well, you might become one, instead.
Four years is a long time when you have to dress a grown adult.”

I could feel the blood drain from my face and settle, with a sickening _thump_
, in the pit of my stomach. “They’re scholarship students too?”

“Yes,” he said. “Now, shall we make another attempt?”

“Absolutely.” I gave my answer almost before he finished the question.

By the end of the evening, grateful for a second chance, I had created
associations for each of the guests and their area of influence. “Simon Stowe
is the Joe whose horses win the show. Judge Stall is who you call if you want
to build a mall…” I chanted inside my head as I scanned the room, reciting
poems for all the occupants. The next time Hodges quizzed me, I was able to
get every answer correct.

“Well done!” He smiled into my eyes.

Once the last guest departed, Hodges escorted me to my room. “You are
remarkable,” he said, lowering his head toward mine in an obvious attempt to
kiss me.

As he drew closer to my lips, I took a step back and cleared my throat. “I
don’t think that is such a good idea, Mr. Hodges.”

“Uh, uh…” he stuttered, clearly surprised by my reaction.

“After all, I wouldn’t want to wash-out.”

“Right. Yes, of course.” He looked at the ground.

“Good night, _cousin_.” I opened my door and stepped inside the room.

“Good night,” he mumbled, then turned away.

I closed the door and stared at it, shaking my head. _He says that I make both
of us look bad, he scares me with the whole washing out thing, and then he
wants a kiss? Good luck with that, Mr. Hodges!_

Unfortunately, I soon found that _my_ luck wasn’t much better. I fought for
almost a half-hour to remove my button-clad dress and the underlying corset
that didn’t allow free movement, before I decided to walk the halls of the
manor in search of a housemaid who could provide me with the assistance I
needed.

The entire staff appeared to be preoccupied with cleaning up after the ball
and didn’t seem to notice me walking squarely into ground zero of their
private world, where few outsiders dared to tread—the staff kitchen.

Without the Irish cook from the future to welcome me in, I stood outside the
doorway for several minutes, not wanting to interrupt their work. It was
Sybil, the head housemaid, who first noticed my presence, then she loudly
cleared her throat, alerting the other staff members.

_Great._ I felt their eyes burning through me as if I were a field mouse that
had just wandered into a snake pit. “Uh, yes, thank you, Sybil. I require the
assistance of one of the maids for a few minutes, please.”

The groan was audible as each of the women in the crowd dropped her eyes to
the floor or the piece of imaginary fuzz she conveniently noticed on her
apron.

I stood for several seconds, until Sybil finally said, “Sorry, miss, but as
you can see, we’re all very busy cleaning up after your ball.”

_My ball? My. Ball. Isn’t that your job?_ I stared into her nearly black eyes.
I could feel the volcano bubbling inside my exhausted body as I summoned the
most sarcastic, condescending tone I could muster. “Oh? Well, I’m so very
sorry, Sybil. I certainly do not mean to interrupt your ever-so-important
tasks of the evening. Please forgive my intrusion.” Before turning to leave, I
noticed a shiny pair of scissors sticking out of a sewing basket resting on
the table. I stepped forward and reached for them. “I’ll just borrow these, if
you don’t mind.” Then, without waiting for a reply, I left the room, scissors
in hand, and calmly walked down the hall.

As I took my first step onto the stairway that led out of the basement, I
heard snickers and outright laughter from the kitchen. I turned to see Sybil,
staring down the hall at me, cackling at my escape.

“What a witch!” I muttered, then ascended the stairs two at a time, without
regard to manners.

Once I reached my room, I locked the door and proceeded to cut the dress, then
the corset off of my body with the sewing scissors. It seemed a shame to
destroy the gown, which I hadn’t even had the opportunity to admire when it
was practically implanted on me earlier. Its off-white silk, satin, lace, and
beadwork were as breathtaking in their beauty as the corset was in its
function. Unable to reach the many buttons that ran along the back of the
bodice, however, I had no alternative but to use the scissors for their
intended purpose.

“Freedom!” I cried in relief as I watched the last of my outfit fall to the
floor.

Then I turned and surveyed the damage in the mirror. The corset had left deep
marks on my skin, tender to the touch, with raw patches from all of the
walking, sitting, and dancing I endured throughout the evening. “I haven’t
received these before,” I said, gently running my fingertips along the wounds.
“They didn’t have to cinch this thing so tight!” I dabbed the sore spots I
could reach with cream I found in the bathroom and tried to pull my nightgown
gently over myself, making as little contact as possible.

“Forget the rules,” I said out loud, furious. “I need Maude!” I pulled the
dressing table chair over to the wardrobe so I could reach the Maude suitcase
I’d stored above it. I removed the journal and spent the rest of the night at
the writing desk, filling its pages.

Friday, March 11, 1910

Dear Maude,

I’m so angry right now that I don’t know where to begin. I can’t even think
about it, though, because I have something more important to do. I hope you
don’t mind, but I need to use these pages to write down the names of the
people I met tonight and the rhymes I created to help me remember them.

A. Mr. Charles Abbott—tall and goofy-looking, with dark brown hair and big
ears. He spits when he talks. He coordinates hunting expeditions to Africa and
other places. Abbott has a habit of killing more than rabbit…

I dedicated a page or two to each letter of the alphabet and left spaces for
future entries. I made it to my last guest just as the sun was coming up.

With a yawn, I replaced the lid on my ink and cleaned my pen, then closed my
desk. I put my journal back into the suitcase and returned it to the place it
occupied above the wardrobe, along with the sewing scissors I decided to keep,
just in case.

After that, I crawled into bed and tried to sleep. I soon found no comfort in
any position, so I filled a warm bath with Epsom salts and soaked my wounds.

“Sybil, the cackling witch whose dribble will cause her to become the kibble
upon whom rats will nibble, inspiring them to scribble, ‘She was a nasty,
naughty Sybil.’” I recited the poem in my best rap voice to the walls of my
bathroom as I drained and refilled the tub several times.

By six o’clock, I decided to do something I despised—snitch on Sybil.

Without a corset and in the least conspicuous dress I could find, I walked,
carrying the rolled-up rags that were once my ball gown and corset to the
drawing room, where I knew Lord Winston spent most of his mornings.

Before I reached the door, however, a petite, young maid carrying a bucket of
cleaning supplies nearly collided with me in the hallway. “Oh, dear, miss. I
am truly sorry. So clumsy,” she said.

In the commotion, I dropped my rags.

The maid quickly scooped them off the floor but stopped short of handing them
to me; instead, she just stared at the bundle, looking confused. After a few
seconds, she shook her head and slowly met my gaze. “That weren’t right what
Miss Sybil done, miss,” she whispered.

“No, it wasn’t.”

“I would have helped you. Any one of us would have…if Sybil weren’t there.”

“Thank you. What’s your name?”

“I’m Margaret, miss, but everyone calls me Midge.”

“Excuse me?”

“I know, miss. Most people aren’t named for a bug, but Papa says that I’m like
a gnat looking for fruit. I’m not very good at sitting still, you see.”

I shook my head, glad that her father hadn’t compared her to a fly on a cow
pie, or worse, larvae on rotten meat. “Well, Midge, have you ever been a
housemaid before?”

“Oh, no, miss. Sybil would have my hide. She owns it, after all,” she said,
staring at her feet.

“And who owns Sybil’s hide?”

“Um. Well, I suppose that would be Mrs. Smithson, the head housekeeper, miss.”

“Would you mind fetching her for me, please?”

“Right away, miss.” She finally handed me my rags and ran to the servants’
staircase, with her bucket rattling in her hand.

A few minutes later, a stout, kind-faced woman appeared from the darkness of
the hallway, walking toward me and wringing her hands.

“Good morning,” I greeted.

“Good morning, miss.”

“I understand you are in charge of the housemaids?”

“Yes, miss—the housemaids, cook, and other kitchen staff.”

“Well, last evening I was told by someone named Sybil that a housemaid could
not be spared to assist me with my gown…and this is the result.” I held up
what was left of my dress.

“Oh!” She gasped, inhaling while simultaneously clasping her hand around her
opened mouth.

“I would hate to have to inform Lord Winston of my situation. However, at this
point, I really see no alternative. Without a housemaid at my disposal, it
appears events like this may simply continue to occur.”

“Oh, no, miss. We can’t have that!” Mrs. Smithson said, almost breathless.
After a few seconds, she stepped closer and lowered her voice. “I don’t think
we should trouble Lord Winston with something we can easily resolve. Wouldn’t
you agree, miss?”

“And how do you suggest we handle this?”

“Well, I could consult with Sybil and see who she thinks might be the most
qualified for the task, someone she feels is worthy of promotion.”

“Who is the least qualified?”

“I’m afraid you just met her, miss. Midge is not very…skilled.”

“Would Sybil notice her absence?”

“Oh, no, miss. I am certain she doesn’t even know her name.”

“In that case, I want Midge to be my housemaid.”

“Oh, miss, no! Sybil will be furious if—”

“ _Sybil_ will be furious? Really? I’m confused, Mrs. Smithson. I thought
_you_ were in charge?”

“Yes, but—”

“Then why aren’t you?”

“Miss?”

“You seem like a smart, confident, capable housekeeper, who has rightly earned
the prestigious position of head housekeeper of Winston Manor.”

“Thank you, miss.”

“You’re welcome, Mrs. Smithson, but I’m curious why anyone inferior to you,
such as Sybil, would act as if the position is hers instead.”

Mrs. Smithson looked at me as though I had just told her that the moon wasn’t
filled with cheese after all. “You’re correct, miss.” Her face turned a solid
shade of pink. “I’ll deal with this matter and promptly send Midge to your
room.” With that, she turned on her heels and walked, with determination, back
down the hallway. Midway, she stopped and turned back to me. “She might
require a bit of patience, miss, as she learns her job.”

“I understand, Mrs. Smithson. Thank you.”

“Very good, miss,” she said with a smile, then turned and resumed her march
down the hall.

Suddenly, the drawing room door swung open, and Lord Winston emerged, smiling.
“Bravo!” he said, stepping into the hallway.

“I…How…” I stammered.

“Keyholes.” He nodded toward the drawing room door.

“Oh.” I suddenly felt the urge to vomit.

He reached for the shredded dress I was still holding and began to laugh.
“How?”

“Sewing scissors.”

“Ah.” He nodded. “Well, once you’re fully dressed, please join me for
breakfast. You’ve certainly earned it…and your own maid.”

“Thank you, sir.” I suddenly remembered my need for a corset and slowly folded
my arms across my chest.

Lord Winston just laughed as he walked back into the drawing room and shut the
door.

_God!_ I shook my head, feeling the usual heat radiate toward my face. My arms
remained folded as I quickly returned to my room.

Within minutes, a soft knock at the door revealed a beaming Midge standing on
the other side. “You saved me!” she said, then gave me a hug.

I cringed in pain, which caused her to immediately step back awkwardly.

“I’m so sorry, miss. I—”

“No, you’re fine, Midge. Please come in, and I’ll explain.”

Midge cried as she rubbed salve on my wounds and loosely laced a fresh corset
on me.

By midmorning, the entire house and all its occupants had heard of my
adventures. By noon, Sybil and her belongings were being loaded into the
estate carriage that would deposit her at the train station. I may have made
many friends that day, but Sybil wasn’t one of them.


* Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Fifteen{{{1
# Chapter Fifteen

**THE BALL WAS** just the beginning of my venture into society—real 1910
society. The success of Lord Winston’s event caused others to rethink the
timing of their social functions as well, just as he predicted. Invitations
came pouring in from all corners of the state. The hosts and guests were no
longer employees of the company; rather, they were people I had read about in
history books and the _Orientation Manual_. Many were unrecognizable in real
life, however, since their photographs and portraits were often retouched
using the technology of the day. _Nice glamour shot!_ I tried not to laugh
after noticing a hairy mole or worse playing center stage on some supposed
beauty queen.

My lack of disfiguring skin blemishes, as well as my newness in society, made
me a popular choice for the social gatherings of the season. My days were
spent at teas, hunts, balls, and weekend retreats, always escorted by Lord
Winston and Hodges. I frequently found myself double-booked and had to rush
from one event to the next, with just enough time to perform a quick costume
change at the manor between dates.

On a return trip from a stay at the home of Mr. Andrew Norwich, a very
influential timber baron, Lord Winston’s unregulated voice echoed against the
walls inside our train compartment, catching me just before a well-needed nap.
“It has been several weeks since your ball,” he said, “and you’ve exceeded all
of our expectations.”

I smiled, trying to clear the cobwebs that had started to form inside my head.
“Thank you, Lord Winston.”

“You’re quite welcome.” He sat forward in his seat. “In fact, the board
members and I agree that you are ready for your first assignment.”

“Really?” I sat up as straight as I could.

“I’m grateful for your enthusiasm, because your task is an important one.”
Keeping his eyes on my face, he snapped his fingers and said, “Hodges!”

Hodges stepped across the train compartment and locked the door, then pulled
the shades down on the interior doors and windows before returning to his
seat.

“Now,” Lord Winston said, “there is a gentleman with whom we would like you to
become acquainted. His name is Wendell Beringer.”

_Great. He sounds old and fat, with a cigar permanently attached to his lower
lip._ It wasn’t the first time I had been asked to meet someone, and I was
frequently disappointed.

Hodges had stressed the importance of useful conversation in such situations,
often telling me, “Small talk is a great way for us to learn about the social
norms of the time.” I looked at him for his usual comment, but he remained
silent, staring down at his lap.

Lord Winston continued instead, saying, “Unlike others to whom you have been
introduced, we know nothing about Mr. Beringer. From what we have gathered, he
is from the South and keeps his finances and family pedigree close to his
chest. It will be your job to collect as much information as possible about
this man. Hodges will assist you with the particulars.” Lord Winston then
folded his arms across his chest and closed his eyes as he sought to
accomplish what I had tried minutes earlier.

_I guess we’re done, then?_ I watched him adjust his arms and legs in an
effort to get comfortable. I stared at Hodges for several seconds, hoping to
dislodge his gaze from his lap. When his eyes finally met mine, I saw a
sadness there I had not seen before. I opened my mouth to speak, but he shook
his head and looked at the allegedly sleeping Lord Winston, then back at me. “
_Later_ ,” he mouthed.

Again looking at Lord Winston, Hodges started in on his speech: “It is our
understanding that Mr. Beringer will be attending the opera next week. We will
also be in attendance, and this will be your opportunity to meet him.”

“And what questions am I to ask?”

“You are simply establishing the connection. Just make small talk, as usual.”

“How is this different from the other times…that weren’t assignments?”

“Aside from the fact that we know very little about this man…” He hesitated
for several seconds before continuing, “We would like to find out why a
Southern man wishes to hobnob with Northerners.”

“Yankees!” Lord Winston corrected Hodges before pretending to return to sleep.

“This is an uncommon occurrence during this period,” Hodges added.

_“I smell a rat!”_ Maude’s voice sounded in my head. _There must be more to it
than that._

One thing I learned early in life from Maude was that asking too many
questions could find someone in more trouble than listening ever would. So,
rather than press the issue in front of Lord Winston, I decided to once again
follow Maude’s advice to, “Fill a silent room with your ears, not your mouth,”
by simply saying, “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome,” Hodges said, again avoiding eye contact.

I was exhausted and happy to end the conversation. Therefore, I turned my
attention to the tree-lined landscape outside the train car and easily fell
into a deep sleep that ended at our station hours later.

* * *

I spent the next several days with Hodges, getting acquainted with the opera
and the socially important intermission.

“What was that look for on the train?” I finally asked.

“What look?” He tried to escape the question, until my stare made avoidance
impossible. “Fine, the truth is, he doesn’t just want you to meet Beringer and
make small talk with him. Their goal is for you to make him interested in
you.”

“Excuse me? Why?”

“They have their reasons, and I’m sure they’ll reveal them at some point, but
until then, you just need to comply.”

“What if he’s old and fat?”

“He isn’t, Em.”

“Well, that’s a relief, but what if he doesn’t like me?”

“He’d have to be a cadaver to not like you,” Hodges said, blushing.

I stared at him for several minutes as he fidgeted with his pocket watch.
_This guy must be good looking if Hodges is jealous._ I smiled with relief.

The afternoon of our trip to the opera was spent at a garden party on a
neighboring estate, which left little time after for a lengthy wardrobe
change, let alone a chance to gather my senses.

“What’s my name?” I asked the reflection in my dressing mirror, as I sat
before it.

Fortunately, Midge was a quick learner and proved to be my greatest asset,
helping me with my dresses, schedules, and, quite often, my continuing
education. “Oh, don’t you worry, miss,” she said, focusing on my look in the
mirror as she walked behind me, carrying my dress choices for the opera. “Your
uncle will have you married off by the end of the season. Just you wait and
see!”

What was left of my saliva instantly flew down the wrong pipe, causing me to
cough uncontrollably for several minutes.

“There, there, miss,” Midge said, patting me on the back.

Once the choking stopped, I watched Midge hurrying about my room before I
finally said, “Please find Hodges for me right away.”

She gave me a puzzled look but walked out the door and returned in minutes
with Hodges.

“What’s wrong?” he asked, staring at my dressing gown as he checked his pocket
watch. “We’re going to be late.”

“Leave us for a few minutes please, Midge,” I said.

“I’ll just wait in the hall, miss.” She closed the door quietly behind her.

“Hodges, are they trying to marry me off?”

His silence was the answer I dreaded.

I swallowed, then asked, “To whom?”

“I’m not sure,” he said, but his body language told another story. He stared
at the carpet and scooted his foot about, as if he were kicking a rock.

“Why?” I looked beside me at the floor, in search of the elusive, invisible
object on which Hodges seemed fixated.

“They’ve never said. All I can say is that you’re their ace in the hole.”

“Terrific.” I turned to the mirror.

“Em, it’s not as if it will be a real marriage.” He seemed to debate his
answer before finally looking up.

I caught his eyes and held them in the reflection. “What’s that supposed to
mean?”

“You’re not from here, and you’ll be gone in less than four years.”

_Great. I saved myself for some old, nasty dude who drools._ I fought the urge
to cry, recalling the arranged marriages I had read about.

Hodges stood behind me and held my shoulders, staring at me in the mirror. “I
wish it were part of the plan for close cousins to marry. If it were, I’d take
the bullet for you.”

“Such a martyr.” I laughed, trying to choke back the tears that were forming.

“Hang in there,” he said. “I’ll get Midge.”

The maid returned, looking pale. “Everything all right, miss?” she asked with
concern.

“Yes, Midge. I’m just nervous about tonight.”

“Oh.” She exhaled loudly. “I thought maybe you were unhappy with my work.”

“Midge! I’m so sorry if I gave you that impression. Nothing could be further
from the truth. I couldn’t have survived the last few weeks without you.” Then
I stood and proceeded to give her a socially inappropriate hug that left her
blushing. After I released her, I pointed to the dresses she had laid out on
my bed. “Now, please help me decide which one to wear.”

“Uh, this one, miss.” She timidly pointed to a heavily beaded black gown.

“Perfect!” I said, noticing the grin on her face.

She helped me dress quickly, and we walked together to the entry just as Lord
Winston and Hodges arrived. Both smiled their approval at my wardrobe choice.

“All eyes will be on you, my dear.” Lord Winston said and offered me his arm.

_As long as they’re young and good looking!_ I smiled to keep my thoughts
inside and accepted with a, __ “Thank you.”

The opera was a chaotic event with dozens of carriages and motor cars
depositing the most expensively dressed of society at its doorstep.
Conversations ceased momentarily as we entered the lobby and were escorted to
the boxed seats that awaited us.

“Are these seats always reserved for us?” I asked.

“Yes, we own them.” Lord Winston answered my question without turning his
head.

“Watch what you do and say here,” Hodges said, leaning closer to me. “With the
exception of a few other boxes, all in attendance can and will watch our every
move, and the acoustics are impeccable.”

“Thanks for the warning.” I smiled, pretending he had just made a joke.

As the auditorium began to fill, I scanned the audience and realized that many
of the attendees were also present at most of the other functions to which I
was invited.

“Phew!” I exhaled in relief, feeling a bit more confident with my
surroundings. _I can do this._

I had never been to the opera before and feared a scandalous snoring episode
that would rival any Papa Bob could have conjured. To my surprise, however, by
intermission, I was not only wide awake but truly moved by the emotion in the
singers’ voices. In fact, although I couldn’t understand the Italian arias, I
fought, unsuccessfully, to keep a stream of tears from dripping off my chin
and onto my dress.

Once the intermission bell sounded, I was in desperate need of a mirror.
Although makeup was not in fashion, and I wasn’t wearing any, I felt as if the
tears had frozen my face into a permanent grimace. I pulled Hodges toward me
as we walked down to the lobby. “I need to check my face.”

“You look fine,” he said, examining me. “Besides, the ladies’ room is on the
other side of the building.”

“Please, Hodges.”

He looked at me again, then said, “Very well.”

By the time we reached it, the crowded lobby was thick with the buzz of
conversation. I was trapped. _Wonderful. I get to meet my future I-don’t-know-
what with a salty stream of dried tears running down my face. That’ll make a
lasting impression!_ I searched across the lobby for the sign to the ladies’
room and noticed it on the opposite side, as well as a pathway behind the
crowd that would easily lead me there. “I can make it from here,” I said to
Hodges.

But before I could plan my escape, Hodges whispered in my ear, “I see Mr.
Beringer.” He nodded toward the far end of the crowd, where a group of men
were gathered just feet from the ladies’ room. “His back is to us,” he added.

_Perfect. Then he won’t see me while I rush past him to the restroom._ I let
go of Hodges’s arm.

“Let me escort you,” he said, grabbing my hand as I attempted to walk away.

I sighed, knowing I __ didn’t have much time to argue. Instead, I dragged him
behind me through the throng.

About halfway to the restroom, the crowd suddenly swelled onto our path,
causing Hodges to lose his grip. I also lost sight of where Mr. Beringer was
standing. Regardless, and without stopping, I continued to walk toward the
ladies’ room until, just feet from the door, my left arm was pulled back in
the opposite direction. I turned to look and realized that the pearl buttons
along my forearm were caught on a gentleman’s watch chain.

I stepped back to retrieve my sleeve and looked up into the amused blue eyes
of possibly the best-looking man I had ever seen. He was more than six feet
tall, with a muscular build that was further accentuated by his well-tailored
suit. I instantly forgot about the ladies’ room.

“It appears your pearls have sought the acquaintance of my pocket watch.” He
smiled into my stunned eyes.

“I, uh…Yes, they’re very social.” I struggled to speak, blushing
uncontrollably yet unable to remove my eyes from his handsome face.

His laughing blue eyes were complemented by a perfectly straight set of white
teeth, surrounded by full, smiling lips that loomed within inches of my face
as we remained awkwardly attached. “May I have this dance?” he asked,
appearing to thoroughly enjoy himself.

“Well, I’ll have to consult my card.” I pretended to look at my free hand.

He laughed outright, causing his light brown hair to jiggle freely on his
broad shoulders. I couldn’t help but notice that he wore it ungreased and
several inches longer than most men in the crowd, a bit unruly in a daring and
sexy kind of way.

By then, Hodges had arrived. “Allow me,” he said over my shoulder, reaching in
to untangle us.

I barely heard him above the sound of my pounding heart. I also failed to
notice when he had succeeded in his task.

“All done,” Hodges finally said.

“Bravo!” the man replied, but he continued to stare into my eyes.

“Thank you, Hodges,” I said absently.

Hodges stood beside us and was utterly ignored for several more seconds before
he finally said, “I’m sorry, but I don’t believe we have made your
acquaintance. I am Niles Hodges, and this is my cousin, Emily Winston.”

“Please forgive my manners, Mr. Hodges.” The man finally broke our stare to
address Hodges and shake his hand. “Miss Winston, it is a pleasure to make
your acquaintance as well. My name is Wendell Beringer.”

“Pleased to meet you, Mr. Beringer,” I said, glad he was neither old nor fat,
and I was the only one drooling, at least in my mind. I smiled as he planted a
lingering kiss on my waiting gloved hand.

While he was still holding my hand, the bell sounded to mark the end of
intermission, requiring us to return to our seats.

“I do hope to see you again, Miss Winston.”

“Thank you, Mr. Beringer. I’ll try to keep my pearls in check.”

“What a shame that would be.” He smiled, then turned to address Hodges as he
reached out to shake his hand. “Mr. Hodges.”

“Mr. Beringer.” Hodges shook in return.

Once we resumed our seats, I spent the next several minutes searching the
audience for Mr. Beringer.

“Don’t be so obvious,” Hodges said, leaning close to my ear. “He’s in a box
above us. You can’t see him from here.”

“Thanks,” I said, refusing to feel embarrassed by my behavior. _Hodges sure
has a reason to be jealous!_ I couldn’t help but smile at the thought of Mr.
Beringer.

When I returned to my room that night, I wrote a journal entry separate from
the others:

Mr. Wendell Beringer—smoking hot like the barrel of a gun, Mr. Beringer, I
want to bear your son!

Friday, April 1, 1910

Dear Maude,

Tonight at the opera, I met the most gorgeous man I have ever seen. His name
is Wendell Beringer, and he’s my first assignment. I don’t know much about him
yet but hope to in the near future. I’m exhausted but excited at the same
time!

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Sixteen{{{1
# Chapter Sixteen

**THE SOUND OF** curtains being thrown open almost violently throughout my
room greeted me the next morning. Stunned and more than a little annoyed, I
squinted at the light and tried to speak, but Midge beat me to it.

“Miss, you must wake up! You have a visitor!”

“A…what time is it?”

“Only six o’clock, miss.”

“Did I forget an appointment?”

“No, miss. He arrived unannounced and is waiting in the library.”

“ _He_?”

“Yes, Mr. Beringer.”

Panic set in as I watched Midge flail around my room, loudly opening and
closing drawers and cupboards.

“Oh dear! He invited you for a ride, miss, and I don’t recall what I’ve done
with your riding habit.”

“Midge, please calm down. All this rushing about is making me ill.” I sat up
and rubbed my eyes.

“I’m sorry, miss, but we must be prepared at all times, and I feel I’ve let
you down.”

“You haven’t. Besides, a delay serves him right for showing up unannounced.
How rude!”

“But my job, miss?”

“You’ve nothing to worry about.”

My comment seemed to go unnoticed, however, as Midge shook her head and
continued to scurry about my room like a field mouse or her namesake.

“Has anyone informed Lord Winston and Hodges of his arrival?”

“No, miss. I’m afraid they drove into town together hours ago.”

“Has Estelle been saddled?”

“Someone was dispatched to the stables to do just that.”

“Perfect!” My conversation was directed to the back of Midge’s head, who was
now foraging in my wardrobe.

“Boots?” she asked in a panicked voice.

“They’re downstairs. They were a mess and needed a shine, so one of the
footmen took them down for a good cleaning yesterday.”

“Good God!” Midge rushed from the room.

“Poor thing.” __ I felt for my slippers with my feet as I rolled out of bed
and stretched. I yawned, feeling especially sorry for Mr. Beringer, who would
soon discover that I was not a morning person. __ “I hope he doesn’t expect
much,” I mumbled.

I shuffled off to the bathroom and took a quick bath. Although the shower
wouldn’t be installed in my room for another fifty years, I didn’t miss it.
I’d grown to love baths and learned how to take quick ones when I needed.

I had just started to dress myself when Midge returned.

“No! Oh, no. _I_ must do that!” she said, dropping the shiny boots and running
toward me.

“Midge, you’ll be of no use to anyone if you continue to behave this way!” I
took her hand and forced her to sit at the foot of my bed. “Now, I want you to
take a few deep breaths, then assist me with this horrid corset.”

She did as she was told and also helped me with the rest of my outfit.

I tried to make small talk as she piled and pinned my hair up on my head.
“He’s handsome, isn’t he Midge?”

“Oh, miss, I’ve never seen one more so.”

I smiled into the mirror, grateful that my eyes weren’t carrying a set of
luggage beneath them.

Once my hat was in place, I grabbed my riding crop and went in search of Mr.
Beringer.

The library door was open just enough for me to ease around it without making
a sound. I found Mr. Beringer leaning against one of the desks, half-seated,
with one leg dangling midair and the other firmly planted on the floor. His
head was down, buried so deeply in a book that he didn’t even glance up when I
arrived. I stood just inside the doorway, unable to take my eyes off of the
top of his head. His hair covered his face in soft curls that I would have
given the kingdom, if I had one, to run my fingers through.

He must have felt my stare, because he suddenly looked up from his book and
smiled, brushing his hair from his face as he stood next to the desk. His eyes
met mine from across the room, taking on the light that was now pouring in
through the library windows. I had never seen such bright blue eyes on anyone
who wasn’t wearing contacts. They drew me in, almost forcing me to walk
closer. I tried to recapture the use of my voice, but could only offer a
useless smile.

He closed the book and showed me the cover. “Mr. Twain is a favorite of mine.”
He spoke in a slight Southern drawl I hadn’t detected at the opera. It made me
wish that I could hitch my wagon to his horse and ride off into the sunset.

I looked at the book and finally found my voice. “Mine too. He wrote of…life.”

“Writes.” He corrected.

“Yes.” I smiled, slightly flustered by the fact that my brain wasn’t quite
awake and had forgotten that he wouldn’t pass away for a few more weeks. _I
guess I’m not very good at this. I wish I could reference the Orientation
Manual to brush up on historical events._ “I, um,” __ I stammered, attempting
to recover. “I suppose I just assumed he’s no longer writing, now that he’s
older.”

“Don’t let age fool you.” He smiled and reached for my hand as I approached.
“In an’a event, good mornin’, Miss Winston. I do hope that I did not disrupt
your schedule.”

“Thank you, Mr. Beringer. No, I was just about to take my morning ride.”
_Right, hours from now_.

“Ver’a good.” He took my hand and held it. “It would please me greatl’a if we
might ride togeth’a this fine mornin’.”

_That would be lovely,_ I thought but blurted out, “The pleasure would be all
mine.” _Great Em. Leave nothing to the imagination. Why not just tell him that
you want to bear all his children?_

Fortunately, Mr. Beringer just laughed at my comment and escorted me to the
main entrance of the house and our waiting horses. We rode in silence for
several minutes as my humiliation dissipated, then we stopped to admire the
view of the house from a clearing some distance away.

“Did you grow up here?” he asked.

“No. This is my uncle’s estate,” I said, hoping he wouldn’t ask me something
to which I hadn’t learned the answer.

“Just visitin’ then?”

“Yes…and you?”

“I’ve taken Dunston House for a spell while the Faber’s are outta the
countr’a.”

“How convenient.” I said, knowing their estate was a short ride from Lord
Winston’s. “I thought I recognized your horse.” I didn’t, but I hoped my
little lie would further the conversation.

“Yes, they have quite the stables.”

“Where is your home?”

“I hope ta make it here,” he said, cleverly avoiding the question.

_Darn, he’s good._ “Well, I can’t say I blame you. It is far superior to many
other parts of the world.” I smiled, hoping to lure him in.

“I beg to diff’a, Miss Winston.”

“Oh?” I said, arching a brow at him and pretended to adjust my gloves.

“Yes, the estates in your part of the world may be large and well kempt, but
the prop’aties in oth’a parts are often larg’a and serve a great’a good.”

“A greater good, Mr. Beringer?”

“Yes. For one thin’, they supply the food for all those fanc’a balls and
dinn’a parties of yours.”

“Really?”

He grinned smugly in my direction.

I unpacked my innocent voice. “And exactly how do these property owners
transport their food stuffs to our tables?”

“Excuse me?”

“Wouldn’t a little matter of a railroad assist them in their endeavor?
Possibly one built using some of our northern steel? Or do they still call us
Yankees in your parts?”

He just stared at me, a grin dancing around the edges of his lips.

“Shall we ride?” I asked. Without waiting for a reply, I started off toward
the stream where the horses could get some water. Mr. Beringer was a stronger
rider, and he easily beat me to our destination with time to spare. He stood
next to his horse as I dismounted and joined him with mine.

“Impressive effort, Miss Winston. It appea’s you can do a bit more than just
atten’ the op’ra.”

I chuckled. “You’d be surprised.”

“That I don’t doubt.”

We stood side by side for several minutes, shoulders almost touching, just
staring at the stream. I lingered in the usual nervous silence I felt whenever
I was in the presence of someone I liked but was too shy to engage in
conversation. I tried to sneak glances at his profile as he watched his horse
drink. He didn’t have a wrinkle on his face, with the exception of a few laugh
lines that were starting to form at the edges of his eyes. It was the first
time I had been alone with a man who wasn’t part of Evergreen’s program, and
my curiosity about him seemed to undermine all of my training and better
judgment.

“How old are you?” The words escaped my lips before I could stop myself.

“Excuse me?” He turned his head slightly toward me.

I closed my eyes, wishing I had remained mute. Now, my only alternative was to
avoid making an even bigger fool of myself. “I realize I’m being rather
forward, but I’m just curious about your age. You can lie to me, if you wish.
I certainly wouldn’t know the difference.”

“Yes, but I have no reason ta lie ta you. I’m thirt’a-five.”

“Oh.” I didn’t expect him to be that much older than me.

“You soun’ disappointed,” he said, turning to look me directly in the eyes.

“No, uh…not disappointed. I’m just surprised, that’s all. I thought you were
much younger.”

“Well, thank you, but on most days, I feel quite old.” His smile reassured me
that I was still in his good graces, and I gratefully smiled in return.

The remainder of our surprisingly lengthy conversation avoided personal
questions entirely and focused on such topics as the opera, horses, the
weather, and other small talk.

By the time we returned to the manor, we had missed breakfast entirely, and I
felt the loss in the pit of my empty stomach. Mr. Beringer dismounted first,
gave his horse to the footman, and walked to my side.

As I began my dismount, I felt light-headed and fell almost entirely into Mr.
Beringer’s arms as he tried to assist me.

“Miss?” he asked, as he struggled to keep the unexpected dead weight of my
body from crashing onto the gravel.

Once my feet were firmly planted on the ground, he put his arm around my
waist, walked me to the front stairway, and assisted me onto one of the lower
steps.

“Put your head between your legs,” he said, trying to force my head down.

I struggled to breathe but found enough air to emit two more words just before
the world went black: “My corset!”

* * *

I came to on the library sofa, being fanned by a pale, concerned-looking Mr.
Beringer. “I’m so sorr’a! I seem to have made matt’as worse.”

“Oh, no more so than the person who invented this dreadful implement of
torture,” I replied, squirming in my corset.

He laughed. “I cannot imagine.”

“You’re lucky you don’t have to.”

“I also should’a known that you ha’ not eaten breakfast.” He paused. “You must
think me quite the fool.”

“No fools here. Let’s just forget all this over luncheon.” I glanced at Midge,
who had been standing behind Mr. Beringer and looked just as distraught as he
was.

She left the room and nearly ran toward the kitchen as I slowly moved to a
sitting position on the sofa. With Mr. Beringer’s assistance, I walked down
the hall to the dining room. Once seated, we awaited the arrival of the
footmen and our soup and finger sandwiches.

I came back to life after devouring my share, as well as a second portion of
lunch.

“You remin’ me of a frien’ back home,” Mr. Beringer said with a smile.

“Is she pink and answers to sooie?” I asked between bites.

I thought his lunch would explode all over his plate and surrounding table as
Mr. Beringer belted out a loud laugh that brought the footmen running into the
room.

“It’s all right, gentlemen. Just a slight chewing mishap,” I said, patting Mr.
Beringer on the back.

The footmen left, allowing him to recover.

“My apol’gies.” He looked at me while he wiped his mouth with his napkin. “You
certainl’a are a surprise.” He smiled, staring into my eyes.

_You’ve no idea_. I just smiled __ back at him.

After lunch was over, I walked Mr. Beringer to the front door, where he
stopped and smiled down at me, reaching for my hand.

“Thank you for a ver’a interestin’ mornin’.”

I laughed. “It’s I who should be thanking _you_.”

He held my hand, still staring down at me. “I do hope ta see you again, Miss
Winston.”

“I would like that very much.”

“Good,” he said, accentuating his drawl.

With a smile still on my face, I walked him out.

He paused briefly before mounting his horse. “By the way, us Tennesseans do
try to refrain from callin’ y’all up here ‘Yankees.’”

“What _do_ you call us, Mr. Beringer?”

“That revelation would not be appropriate!” He smiled while getting onto his
horse, then tipped his hat and rode off.

I just stood there, pathetically staring after him as he rode away. “It sure
stinks to be me,” I said under my breath, before turning and walking into the
house.

Saturday, April 2, 1910

Dear Maude,

Mr. Beringer arrived bright and early to invite me to ride with him. I’m
usually good with written words, but I can’t seem to find the right ones to
express how I feel about him. I thought I had it bad for Gerd, but that was
nothing compared to this. I think part of it is the mystery of what it would
be like to kiss him. I know that might be frowned upon, but I would be willing
to risk the scandal.

Hodges and Lord Winston were gone when I went for my ride, so when they
returned, I told them about Mr. Beringer’s visit. I thought Hodges was going
to explode! He shouted at me as if I were somehow responsible for Mr. Beringer
arriving unannounced.

Lord Winston is a smart man and stepped in before things became ridiculous but
not before I lobbed a few choice words in Hodges’s direction. He looked like a
wounded puppy when we sat down to dinner. Afterward, he just scooted a journal
toward me and mumbled, “Keep track,” then wiped his mouth with his napkin and
excused himself from the table.

The first page of the journal included the questions I am supposed to ask Mr.
Beringer, such as his full name, date, place of birth, etc. After I thumbed
through the book for a while, I met the gaze of Lord Winston, who seemed
intent on watching me. He congratulated me and assured me that Hodges will get
over it.

That was it. As usual, he was a man of few words.

I’m glad I have a nice ceiling in my bedroom, because I have a feeling I’m
going to be spending this sleepless night staring at it.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Seventeen{{{1
# Chapter Seventeen

**THE WINSTON MANOR** rose garden of 1910 was one of the largest and most
beautiful I had ever experienced. It boasted more than 500 varieties, just
slightly fewer than the Rose Garden in Portland, which I visited regularly as
a child. It reminded me of home, and I spent a considerable amount of my free
time shadowing the poor gardener or just sitting in the gazebo that stood like
a beacon in the center. It was my refuge, and few disturbed me when I was
there, Hodges being the one exception.

“Surprise, surprise. You’re not out for a ride with our Southern neighbor,” he
said, his sarcastic comment cutting the air like a knife.

I stood in the gazebo, wishing I wasn’t so easy to find. Months had passed,
and Mr. Beringer did not return after our first ride. It was a sore subject
for me, until Lord Winston discovered that Beringer was out of town on
business. Hodges chose to ignore that fact, and I chose to ignore his
incendiary comment.

“Morning, Hodges.”

“Oh dear. Did he throw you off for a real belle?”

“Really, Hodges, jealousy doesn’t suit you.”

“Jealousy? You think I’m jealous?”

I just stared at him.

“Well,” he stammered, “I’m nothing of the sort. I’m merely attempting to make
conversation.”

“In that case, you should really work on your technique.” I averted my gaze to
the roses.

Just down the path, I saw Midge running toward the gazebo, waving her arms in
the air. “Oh, miss! Miss!”

Hodges and I walked in her direction, until she reached us, out of breath.

“What is it, Midge?” I asked.

“Oh, dear!” Midge stood holding her side. “Miss, your Mr. Beringer is waiting
for you again in the library.”

“Is he wearing his riding gear?”

“Yes, miss. I will lay your things on the bed if you wish.”

“Yes, please do, but I’ll meet Mr. Beringer in the library first.”

“Very good,” Midge said, still panting.

“Thank you, Midge, but please _walk_ back to the house.”

“You’re welcome, miss.” She bent slightly forward, continuing to hold her side
as she ambled back up the path.

“Poor thing,” I muttered.

Just then, Hodges grabbed my arm and pulled me within inches of his face.
“Tell me, are you in love with him?”

“What!?” I tugged on my arm, trying to pull away.

He just tightened his grip. “Do you have feelings for him?”

“Well, isn’t that the point?” I grabbed my arm with my free hand and pulled
back.

He quickly let go, causing me to lose my balance and stumble backward.

“Nice,” I said, surveying my arm.

“He just wants you for your money!”

“Well, too bad for him that I don’t have any.”

“Have you forgotten your role? Your parents were killed in an accident, and
you are Lord Winston’s closest heir.”

“What are you talking about? How could I forget something I didn’t know in the
first place? When did all of this supposedly happen?”

“Oh, about ten years ago. Tragic, just tragic.”

“No, I mean, when did the program _decide_ they were dead? I thought I was
just visiting.”

“Well, technically, you are, but since your parents are gone, you, uh… might
decide to stay.”

“Why didn’t you tell me this sooner?”

“Oh, dear, didn’t I tell you? Tsk-tsk.” He shook his head. “It must have just
slipped my mind.”

“Great, Hodges. You really suck!”

“Watch it! Someone might hear you.”

“What else don’t I know?”

“Well, I guess that all depends on your level of intelligence, education,
dedication—”

“Shut up! You know exactly what I’m asking!”

“Hmm…”

I wanted to choke him or, at the very least, shove him into the closest,
thorniest rose bush. “Let me rephrase that. What else haven’t you told me?”

“My goodness. Is that the time?” he said, focusing on his pocket watch.

“Hodges! I’m serious, dang it!”

“Now, now, is that any way for a proper lady of these times to talk?” he
asked, then turned and hurried off toward the stables.

I screamed out load, scaring away the birds that had been grazing on bugs in
the hedges surrounding the manor house.

Hodges just lifted up his right hand to offer a back-handed wave as he
increased the distance between us.

I took a deep breath, adjusted my skirts, and stormed into the house through
the nearest set of doors. Unfortunately, those doors led right into the
library, where a grinning Mr. Beringer stood waiting, facing the rose garden.

“Good morning, Mr. Beringer!” I said, trying to laugh off the fact that he had
most likely witnessed the whole thing.

“Mornin’, Miss Winston. I see you’re off ta a fine start!”

_Hilarious, dude, can I slap you?_ Instead, I held firm to both hands and,
with a smirk, said, __ “Right, well, my cousin always knows just what to say.”

“That’s family for you,” he said, still grinning.

The library door opened suddenly, making both of us jump as Lord Winston made
his presence known. “Mr. Beringer! So good to finally meet you.” His voice
seemed to enter the room before he did.

“You as well, Lord Winston.”

Each offered a solid handshake that the other received with a smile.

“And what brings you here this fine morning?”

“I was hopin’ Miss Winston would do me the hon’a of accompan’in me on my
ride.” Mr. Beringer turned back to look at me.

“Well, I don’t see why not,” Lord Winston, as usual, replied for me and
continued to speak without looking at me for approval. “May I offer you some
refreshment while we wait for my niece to return?”

“No, thank you, sir. I’ve just come from breakfast.”

“Excuse me.” I took the hint and walked past both men and out of the room.

I hurried to my room and found Midge there, waiting to help me change. We
accomplished the task in less than fifteen minutes, allowing me time to stuff
my face with a few biscuits from the jar next to my bed. _Don’t want to pass
out again, or he’ll think I’m weak_. Five biscuits later, I was ready to face
Mr. Beringer. I rinsed my mouth out with water and returned to the library in
just under twenty minutes.

“That was fast,” Mr. Beringer said.

“Well, I have a good maid.” I smiled, hoping my quickness didn’t make me seem
too eager.

Lord Winston nodded and gestured toward the door. “I certainly won’t keep you
two. Do enjoy yourselves.”

“Thank you,” Mr. Beringer and I said in unison.

Outside, our horses awaited us, and we rode several yards from the house in
silence before he finally spoke:

“I hope I didn’t catch you without breakfast this mornin’.”

“No, I ate plenty, but thank you.”

“I must apol’gize for my last visit.”

“No reason to. In fact, I insist that we forget all about it.”

He smiled and tipped his hat to me as we rode on.

Throughout our ride, we took turns falling behind one another. His tight-
fitting gear left little to the imagination, and I hoped mine did as well,
even if I was riding side-saddle in a skirt. When behind him, I caught myself
staring at his coattails as they parted in the wind, hoping to catch a glimpse
of his well-tailored trousers. This occupied so much of my time that we
arrived at the stream before I knew it.

I nearly drooled openly as he dismounted and led his horse to the water. Mr.
Beringer’s legs were not scrawny like the stilts Hodges stood on; rather, he
had long, muscular limbs, seemingly capable of anything. _Meow!_ I purred to
myself. As I stood next to him along the stream, I felt an attraction so
intense that I had to fight the urge to throw myself at him in a humiliating
lack of self-control. I could only dream it was mutual as I struggled to
remain ladylike.

“Will you be attendin’ the ball this evenin’?” he asked, jerking me out of my
fantasy.

“Uh…yes. And you?”

“Yes. Matt’a fact, I should prob’ly getcha back so you can make preparations.”

“Thank you,” I said, even though parting ways with him was the last thing on
my mind.

We returned to the manor in silence, again frequently riding single file. As
we approached the house, I tried to think of ways to extend our time together.

“Would you care to have lunch with me?”

“Yes, but I trul’a must get back.”

I tried to hide my disappointment. “I understand. Thank you for the ride, Mr.
Beringer.”

“Course.” He smiled at me. “Please save a dance or two for me this evenin’.”

“I’ll see what I can do.”

I watched him ride away, still admiring the view and imagining a similar
situation in the future. _We would be making out in the barn by now!_ My
thoughts kept me staring after him until he disappeared. __ I just shook my
head in disappointment as I walked Estelle to her stall.

* * *

The ball that evening was, thankfully, the last of the season. I finally saw
the light at the end of the tunnel as Midge buttoned me into my final new
dress. The other gowns I’d already worn for the season now bulged from my
wardrobe, making it impossible for us to close the door. I looked at my
overburdened wardrobe and shook my head, still finding it difficult to believe
I had to wear a different dress to each event. I missed my jeans.

Hodges faked an illness to avoid attending the ball, so Lord Winston escorted
me alone in his new car, complete with a chauffeur. I was glad Hodges was
absent. Too many unanswered questions festered inside me, and I needed answers
before I made a fool of myself at the ball.

The car seats were smooth leather and allowed me to inch closer to Lord
Winston in an effort to keep the driver from hearing our conversation.
“Uncle?”

He turned and smiled.

“How did my parents die?”

“Pardon!?” His explosive voice ripped through the car. He didn’t seem too
concerned with what the driver overheard, as he cried, “You should know this
already!”

“Yes, but I don’t.”

“Hodges didn’t inform you?” he screamed, practically steaming from both ears.

“Please. We have so little time before we arrive at the ball. I just want to
do the best job possible.” I still felt some sense of loyalty to Hodges,
despite his behavior, and I wanted to draw attention back to the business at
hand.

Lord Winston took a deep breath and composed himself before finally saying,
“In 1900, they were both trampled by a run-away carriage while crossing the
street. You were at home with the nanny.”

“Who cared for me after that?”

“You have been living with an aunt and uncle in Chicago, but they do not have
the societal connections I do.”

“And I’m your heir?”

“Yes.”

“Is Hodges?”

He shook his head. “He’s a cousin by marriage.”

“Is Mr. Beringer only interested in my money?”

“Possibly, but I dare say you are still quite attractive with or without the
fortune, my dear.”

“Thank you.” I smiled, feeling a deep blush creeping up my neck.

He paused again. “Hodges was your original suitor before Beringer came along,
you know.”

“No, I didn’t know at all.”

“In fact, he’s not from your time. He’s from mine.”

“Excuse me?” I asked.

“He’s the son of one of our investors—quite wealthy. You would have made a
good match, a power couple, as your modern society would call it. We somehow
overlooked Beringer in our research…but it makes no difference now,” he said
offhandedly.

“Will Hodges continue in the program?”

“That is a matter for debate. He is meeting with the members as we speak to
discuss that very issue.”

Poor Hodges! He wasn’t joking about marrying me. No wonder he’s been so nasty.

“Here we are,” Lord Winston announced.

My attention was drawn outside the vehicle as a footman reached forward and
opened the door for us. He held my hand while I stepped out of the car, onto a
red carpet that led up the stairs and into one of the most overstated houses I
had ever entered.

The Tosers were the wealthiest family in the region, and their ball was meant
to be the most successful of the season. It seemed they had a knack for and
the resources for taking the best of all the other balls and combining those
elements into one monstrous, unforgettable grand finale. The food, flowers,
and décor resembled something from the pages of a magazine.

To top it off, every Toser was an unrepentant snob. They carried their wealth
and what it could buy them around like a banner. As we waited in line to meet
our hosts, I overheard their replies to the guests who complimented them on
the success of the ball: “We just wanted to show you how it’s done,” or “Just
wanted to save the best for last.” Regardless of their snobbery, their ball
was the place to see and be seen, eagerly anticipated by all the A-listers and
everyone else who was hoping to be invited.

Despite my beautiful surroundings, I dreaded every step that brought us closer
to the front of the line. Entering a ball was always my least favorite part,
because for those few seconds, all eyes were on the newcomers. There was no
room for error. Unfortunately, Lord Winston did not have volume control on his
vocal chords and always entered a room as if he owned it. I cringed as he
loudly greeted the host and hostess, drawing everyone’s attention. I wanted to
disappear.

“And you’ve met my niece, Emily, have you not?” he practically yelled.

“Yes, of course.” Mr. and Mrs. Toser smiled and held out their hands.

I smiled and shook them, wishing I had faked an illness and stayed behind as
Hodges had.

After our introductions, Lord Winston leaned down to my ear and whispered,
“Chairman of the Board.”

“Of Evergreen Research?”

“Precisely.” He stood straight again and smiled, pretending to admire the
decorations.

“How do I know who is associated with the program?”

“You don’t,” he said. “That is why you must never deviate from your
assignment.” He turned to a passerby and said, “Mr. Carmichael, so very good
to see you. Surely you remember my niece, Emily?”

“Of course! Miss Winston, it’s nice to see you again.”

“You as well, Mr. Carmichael.” I shook his hand, then tuned them out as the
two talked local politics. Instead, I scanned the room, trying,
unsuccessfully, to find Mr. Beringer.

Within minutes of our arrival, the orchestra began to play their first of many
waltzes for the evening. It seemed all the eligible bachelors were out in
force in a last-ditch effort to secure a wife. They clearly outnumbered the
debutantes, many of whom had recently been betrothed or otherwise removed from
the dating pool. “Slim pickin’s for them,” Maude would have said. _But more
for me!_ I then proceeded to dance to a state of near exhaustion with everyone
who asked.

After an especially brisk waltz, I was able to find my way to the punch bowl,
then tried to hide behind a large potted shrub and drink my punch.

“I hope you’re not tryin’ ta hide from me,” Mr. Beringer said through the
leaves.

I stepped out from behind the greenery, greeted by his enormous grin. “Well,
it seems that I’ve been caught,” I said. “What shall you do with me?”

“For your punishment, you must allow me the next dance.”

“How cruel of you, Mr. Beringer!” I put my nearly full punch glass onto a
passing tray and placed my hand into his as a slow waltz began to play.

“You’ve been biz’a,” he said, smiling down at me.

“Yes, and you’re late.”

“I was attendin’ ta a little bizness of my own.” His smile faded as he looked
away.

“Well, you’re here now,” I said, trying to regain eye contact with him.

Our eyes locked as the music played.

“You look beautiful,” he said, smiling again.

“Thank you.” I suddenly felt numb. I could have been dancing in the middle of
the freeway during rush-hour traffic, and I wouldn’t have noticed anything
other than him. My heart was pounding as if we were dancing a jig. _Great,_ _I
think I’m in love._ I looked away in embarrassment, hoping he couldn’t read my
mind.

“Are you all right?” A look of concern came over his face.

I offered a weak smile. “Yes, just fine.”

The dance ended too soon, and, worse, it was followed by a tap on his shoulder
from yet another eligible bachelor. “May I?” the stranger asked.

I secretly hoped Mr. Beringer would refuse the man’s request to cut in, but he
politely stepped back, smiled, and thanked me.

“No, thank _you_ ,” I said before I let my new partner lead me to a different
spot on the dance floor.

I spent the rest of the evening feeling jealous of everyone Mr. Beringer asked
to dance. I would cut them all down silently, with the nasty comments swirling
in my head: _Nice dress. Didn’t you wear that to the last three dances?_ or,
_You should really take some tweezers to that unibrow of yours._ or, _I didn’t
know a corset was meant to double as a shoe horn._ The internal comments grew
worse as the night went on. _You’re lucky I’m not drinking spiked punch._ I
simply glared at his next partner.

In the meantime, I tried to carry on idle chatter with my companions regarding
the weather or by comparing the current ball to others of the season. They
seemed to enjoy the conversation, but I felt detached, hardly participating.

When they announced the final dance, I scanned the crowd for Mr. Beringer but
couldn’t find him, so my only option was to accept a dance from someone else.

Halfway through our conversation regarding the higher than normal summer
temperatures, I heard a familiar voice ask, “May I cut in?” The Southern
accent was unmistakable.

“Uh, certainly,” my partner said, then reluctantly traded places with
Beringer.

I fought the urge to kiss him. “I thought you’d gone.”

He laughed. “Just hidin’ behin’ a shrub.”

“I can’t blame you.” I didn’t care if my comment sounded catty.

He pretended to look serious. “Are you married yet?”

“I hope not.”

“Me too.” he said, showing those perfect teeth of his.

There went my heart. _Thank God for gloves._ I knew without them, my clammy
hands would have certainly scared him off.

“I was wonderin’ if I might call on you again tomorr’a?” He looked at me with
an almost schoolboy shyness.

“I’ll be disappointed if you don’t, Mr. Beringer.”

The dance ended, and he accompanied me to where Lord Winston was standing.
“Good evenin’, Miss Winston,” he said, then leaned down to kiss my hand.

“Good evening, Mr. Beringer.” I tried to smile but was disappointed to be
leaving without him.

He slowly released my hand and turned to my escort. “Lord Winston, sir.”

“Mr. Beringer.” After they exchanged their usual handshake, Lord Winston
offered me his arm. “Shall we, dear niece?”

I smiled, lost in the clouds until we were finally seated in our car for the
ride home.

“Bravo,” Lord Winston bellowed. “Well done, my girl!”

“Excuse me?”

“You received no fewer than a dozen offers for dinner in the next few weeks.
It would not surprise me to hear of a proposal in your very near future.”

“A…proposal?”

“Of course, my dear. You’re someone with whom all the mothers wish to pretty
up their bloodline, and the fathers want to ogle in their retirement.”

I panicked. “What about Mr. Beringer?”

“Oh, there’s nothing like a little friendly competition to help accelerate
matters.”

_Great. I’m a carnival prize._ I just stared at the beaming Lord Winston.

“Oh, cheer up. It will be fun!” He patted me on the knee.

_Wee!_ I offered a sarcastic smile and turned toward the window.

Saturday, July 9, 1910

Dear Maude,

Tonight I went to the Toser ball. It was the most outlandish one yet. It was
so extravagant that I was surprised their eight-foot-tall footmen weren’t
dipped in gold. Maybe I could plant the seed for next year: “Mrs. Toser, so
good to see you again! I can’t stop thinking about your ball. It reminded me
of one I once attended in Chicago, where the footmen were all dipped in gold,
and the party favors were so exquisite that I was certain they were part of a
museum collection. Oh, dear. What were their names?” Of course, I’ll look off
into the distance, pretending to recall the hosts. The snobby old biddy will
have to fall for that one, considering she can’t stand being outdone.

Get this, Maude—Hodges is one of them! I thought he was from the future, but
he’s actually the son of one of the committee members. He sure fooled me! He
was supposed to be my boyfriend until Beringer came along. I really don’t
understand how someone can just “come along” in the past. I’m confused, but
Lord Winston blames it on their research. They claim they don’t know much
about him, yet they want me to marry him. It’s all pretty strange.

Either way, he’s “Smoking hot like the barrel of a gun, Mr. Beringer, I want
to bear your son.” Suddenly, my four year obligation doesn’t seem that long
anymore.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Eighteen{{{1
# Chapter Eighteen

**ALTHOUGH NO WORDS** were exchanged between us on the subject, Mr. Beringer
was apparently courting me, or at least that was what everyone kept telling
me. Our morning riding dates became so routine that I could set my clock by
them. Fortunately, our conversations were anything but boring and kept me
coming back for more. Whenever he went out of town on business, I found myself
taking the morning rides alone, then over-grooming poor Estelle in
anticipation of my next ride with Mr. Beringer.

Being around him also kept my thoughts from drifting back home. I missed my
mom more than I ever imagined I would. Whenever I felt homesick, I tried to
convert a turn-of-the-twentieth-century waltz into a seventies rock song,
similar to the ones Mom always blasted in her shop. If I sped them up enough,
the technique seemed to work. Then, just for fun, I added lyrics, the same
kind Tom would have inserted. He never sang the same words twice, and they
seldom had anything in common with the original lyrics. If the song was about
cars, for instance, he would sing the praises of whole wheat and how it
lowered his cholesterol instead. That was Tom.

“He’s a diamond in the rough,” Mom would always say, using one of Maude’s
terms to defend him. If nothing else, he always made her laugh. And I really
missed her laugh.

On one occasion, when Mr. Beringer had been gone for more than a week, I felt
as if I were going through withdrawals from him, as well as my home. With
thoughts of both in my head, I stood, brush in hand, inside Estelle’s stall,
softly singing and humming in a marathon grooming session that would have made
her show-ready an hour earlier: “Better than…a muscle…car. Or Pa’s…moonshine
straight…from the jar…Yes, Estelle…you sure are…the best. Yeah!”

“Yeah, Estelle!” I sang to the horse.

She offered one big, brown eye, then turned away.

“Video…games cannot…compete with…your brown coat…and four hoofed…feet. Oh
yes…girlfriend, you…have them beat… Yeah, uh-huh!” I stopped grooming and
pretended to play the brush. “Now for the guitar solo…wah, wah, waaah!”

“Int’restin’ tune you have there.” Mr. Beringer stood just outside Estelle’s
stall, with his arms folded across his chest.

I dropped the brush in horror, then fumbled around in the straw to recover it.
“You scared me.” I quickly reclaimed the brush and focused my attention on
picking the debris out of the bristles. I glanced his way several times,
noticing there was no expression on his face as he silently watched my
efforts. _Crap_ , _who is he?_

“Where did you learn that one?” he finally asked.

“Oh, it’s just something from my mother.”

“Hmm…What do you call it?”

“She never said.” It wasn’t a lie, I decided, but I tried to change the
subject by saying, “Welcome back! When did you get here?”

“Just now.”

The silence in the wake of his short answer was deafening.

“Is everything all right?”

He just stared at me.

I walked out of the stall and stood in front of him. The uneasy quiet that
divided us seemed deeper than the Grand Canyon and just as wide. I felt a lump
forming in my throat.

After a few more seconds, he finally said, “I just bought a new ca’, and I’m
wonderin’ if you’d care ta go for a ride with me?”

“I would love to,” I said without hesitation. “I just need to change.”

“No need. What you’re wearin’ is fine.”

I stared down at my dirty, sweaty riding gear, then back at him.

His eyes slowly traveled from my boots to my face, finally resting on my eyes
with such intensity that he seemed to bore a hole right through me.

“It’ll only be a minute.” I tried to brush past him in the direction of the
house.

He grabbed me by the wrist. “No, I insist.”

“Beringer! It’s so good to see you, old chap,” Lord Winston called from the
opposite end of the stables.

Mr. Beringer released me and adjusted his jacket as we waited for Lord Winston
to reach us.

“Are you two off on a ride?” Lord Winston asked, smiling at both of us while
shaking his hand.

“No, Uncle. Mr. Beringer has asked me to join him in his motorcar.”

“And it’s a very fine one, indeed! Please give me the tour while my niece
changes.”

“Uh, yes, course, Lord Winston, sir.”

I quickly walked to the house, wondering how long he had been standing there.
_Did he hear the words too? Does he think I’m weird—or is he just grumpy? And
why do guys feel the need to grab my wrist all the time? Who the heck does he
think he is, anyway? Great, now I’m grumpy!_

In my room, I threw my riding gear off and took a quick tub.

By the time I finished, Midge had found her way into my room and was looking
for an appropriate outfit. “Mr. Beringer has a fine new motorcar, don’t he,
miss?

_Yes, he do!_ I was too irritated to openly mock or even correct her grammar,
especially since it had improved considerably since I first met her; instead,
I simply smiled as she continued to chatter about him and the car. _What’s
going on, here? Is he part of the program? Whoever he is, I need to be extra
careful._ Questions continued to occupy my thoughts while I donned my riding
gloves and left my room.

I met Mr. Beringer and Lord Winston standing beside a shiny, black car. They
both looked up as I approached.

“Good ta see you again, Lord Winston, sir.” Mr. Beringer extended his hand.

“You as well, Beringer.” Lord Winston shook his in reply. He then stepped
back, allowing Mr. Beringer to open the door and hold my hand as I seated
myself.

That simple touch banished my bad disposition. It seemed to work the same for
him as well, because, only a few yards from the house, he reached over and
took my hand.

“I’m sorr’a for the way I behaved in the stables.”

At that moment, my concern from earlier had disappeared. I really didn’t care
who he was. I only knew who I wanted him to be—mine. I just stared at his hand
holding mine on my lap, feeling a round of stupid tears working their way to
the surface.

“I would nev’a do anythin’ ta hurt you,” he said softly, squeezing my hand.

There they were, streaming down my face. I turned away but not fast enough to
hide my tears from him.

“God, I’m sucha…” He turned off the road and pulled me into his arms.

I cried openly, all over his shoulder, as he whispered consolations to me.

“Please forgive me,” he said, breathing the words into my ear. “I’m sucha
fool.”

After also making a mess of a handkerchief he offered, I finally found the
words I had wanted to say before. “I missed you.”

“I missed you too, my love.”

After several minutes passed, he scooted slightly away from me so that he
could make eye contact. “Do you still want ta go for a ride?”

“Yes, of course.” I nodded, finding the last dry spot on the handkerchief and
making use of it. “I’m so pathetic!” I had meant to say it to myself, but the
words tumbled out of my lips.

“No, you’re most certainl’a not.” He produced a clean handkerchief and used it
to dry my eyes.

I just stared into his kind face as he dabbed my cheeks and let the cloth
travel softly down to my chin. It made me smile.

“Ah, there it is.” He held my face with both hands. “I knew that prett’a grin
was in there somewhere.” He stroked my cheeks with his thumbs, staring into my
eyes, then finally at my lips. He leaned toward me and gently touched his
mouth to mine.

The moment I had longed for did not disappoint. His warm lips seemed to know
their way around mine, as well as my cheeks and neck, without much effort. My
body tingled all over as he gently awakened my senses in areas I didn’t even
know existed, all from the shoulders up.

_He’s a magic man!_ I fought all of the unladylike responses that became more
and more difficult to suppress. I wasn’t sure if I was annoyed or slightly
relieved when the sound of hooves on the gravel behind us brought us both back
to reality.

We quickly returned to our proper positions on the seat and adjusted ourselves
before he pulled back onto the long road that led to the estate entrance. He
replaced his hand on my lap, and I entwined my fingers with his as we drove
onto the main road.

“I have somethin’ ta talk ta you about.”

“Oh?” I asked, trying to remain calm.

He exited the main road, turning in at the entrance to the estate he was
renting.

“Uh, I don’t think Lord Winston would approve,” I said, imagining the scandal
my unchaperoned arrival at Dunston House would create.

“Oh, we’re not goin’ far.” He pulled off to the side, just beyond the view of
the main road. Then, he shut off the engine and stared at me, holding both of
my hands in his. “This trul’a isn’t the most romantic of spots, so I do hope
you will forgive me.”

I just smiled.

“But before I get ta the point, I have ta ask you somethin’.”

“All right.”

“Do you prefer to play video games on a PC or with a gaming console?” His
accent was completely gone, as if it had never existed.

I tried to pull my hands from his but was met by more resistance than I could
fight.

“Well? Which one?” he asked, still firmly holding on.

I continued to try to break free. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

“You don’t? What kind of fool do you think I am?”

“I don’t think you’re any kind of fool.”

“Then _you’re_ the fool.” He turned away from me.

“I guess I am, when it comes to caring about you!” I snapped.

He quickly focused his angry eyes on mine. “Then prove you care by answering
my question!”

I found my voice around the lump in my throat. “Fine. A PC.”

He nodded as he said, “Right, because a PC serves a dual-purpose, doesn’t it?
You can also use it for research, among other things.”

I started to wiggle, like a fish on a line, struggling to get myself free from
his grasp, but it was no use. “Let me go!” I screamed, planting my feet
against his muscular thigh.

“This is _my_ side of the road, Miss…Whatever Your Name Is. Even if you
escape, you won’t get too far.” He calmly eyed the surrounding trees.

I looked at the forested area as well, and between the branches, I noticed
hidden cameras and speakers attached to the trunks. I stopped fighting and
simply looked into the eyes that were mere inches from the lips I had kissed
just a few minutes earlier. The tears began to flow again; only that time, he
didn’t offer to dry them.

“You pretend to care about me,” he barked, “but honestly, you only care about
collecting information on me. Go on. Try to deny it.”

I sobbed uncontrollably. “I can’t…but it wasn’t…much. I just needed your
name…where you’re from…that sort of thing.”

“Right. You’re one of them, little Miss Spy. Nothing is that simple.”

“Yes, it is!”

“What else do they want to know?”

“Just what we talked about.”

“So you told them?”

“Sure, but not about everything, just the main points.”

“Damn good thing I didn’t tell you anything important then.”

“Really?” I asked, crushed. “So all the things you said to me were
simply…lies?”

He just stared down at my hands, which he was still holding.

“I _do_ care about you,” I whispered, “and I really did miss you when you were
gone.”

“Do you expect me to believe that? How can I ever trust you?”

“I really don’t know what I did wrong here.”

He looked into my eyes and the expression on his face changed from one of hurt
to one of confusion.

“You really have no idea, do you?”

“No.”

“Let me ask you this. Is it normal to collect data on your boyfriend?”

_Boyfriend?_ I could only wish it were true. “Nothing about any of this is
normal,” I said.

“What do they want from me?”

“They don’t know anything about you, so they wanted me to find out.”

“Then what?”

“Well, I suppose—”

“They wanted us to marry, correct?” he asked, finishing my sentence for me.

“I think.”

“Now I know you’re lying,” he screamed, quickly losing his patience again.

“No, I know they wanted me to marry you. What I don’t know is why. They really
haven’t told me much, and they don’t like me asking questions. Plus, the only
person in whom I could confide just quit. Now, I’m on my own.”

“Who was that?”

“Hodges.”

“Your _cousin_?”

“The one and only.”

We sat in silence for several seconds, both deep in thought, until I tried to
offer him my game plan. “Let’s just forget it. Even though they funded my
college, I’ll just go back to Winston Manor, tell them I’ll pay them back for
my scholarship, and be done with all of this. I’m tired, and I just want to go
home.”

He laughed. “God, you really are a mushroom. You can’t just do that.”

“Don’t worry. I won’t tell them you discovered my identity.”

“It’s not that easy.”

“Why not?”

“They don’t like to lose.”

“Well, that’s too bad. I’m finished.”

“Sorry, but you’re actually only beginning.”

_Huh? Just when I thought I couldn’t get any more confused._ “What are you
talking about?”

“Do you have any idea what happens to someone who tries to leave the program
or fails at an assignment?”

“Not entirely. I do know that some who don’t do so well on their training
become servants at Winston Manor. I guess others maybe just fork over the
scholarship money or something along those lines.”

He shook his head. “Not exactly. I’m sure that given the choice, though,
they’d choose the repayment option.”

“Then what happens?”

“Let’s take a real drive this time.”

“Okay, but how are we going to do that?” I gestured to my hands that he was
still firmly clasping.

He released them. “Don’t run.”

_Yeah right!_ I looked up at the cameras, then sat back in my seat, rubbing my
wrists as he turned the car around and drove toward the village. Several
minutes later, we approached a part of town I’d been forbidden from
acknowledging, let alone visiting.

“I suggest you duck,” he said, grabbing me by the shoulder and drawing my head
down onto his lap. “Keep down until I say.”

Several minutes later, darkness overcame the car, and we came to a stop.

“Okay,” he said.

I sat up and saw that we had pulled into an alleyway.

“Stay here,” he said. Then, without waiting for my reply, he exited the car
and walked down the alley and through the nearest doorway.

Minutes later, he returned with a tall girl, dressed in a bright blue dressing
gown. He pointed to the car, and she walked alone toward me. At first, the
light behind her cast a shadow that made her features impossible to discern,
but as she drew closer, she became more and more recognizable.

Within a few yards of the car, I was able to see her with perfect clarity.
“Sophia,” I said with a gasp, clasping my hands over my mouth.

She opened the driver-side door and sat behind the wheel.

I went to hug her, but she put up her hand and said, “No.”

“Sophia, what’s going on? What is this place?”

“Em, sweetheart, it’s a bordello.”

“Okay, but what are you doing here?”

“Take a guess, Em.”

“No, I mean…why?”

She laughed for several seconds. “ _This_ is what happens when you don’t
succeed.”

“At what?”

“You.”

“Me?”

“Yes, at getting you and Gerd together.”

“But we _did_ date.”

“Yes, _and_ you were supposed to marry.”

“Excuse me?”

“Em, he’s the heir to a vast fortune that would have financed years of
research for Evergreen. However, Gerd’s father insisted on something more
stable. He wanted his son married before he would share his wealth with him or
the company. It was my job to pique Gerd’s interest in someone in the program,
a suitable wife who would also help further the cause. They all agreed it
should be you, even Gerd. But in the end, I failed.”

“What? I was the one who broke up with him. He was the loser, not you.”

“No, in this world, men with money don’t lose.”

“But what about your father, George?”

“He isn’t my father. He was my boss. I’m a scholarship student as well.”

“But—”

“I grew up with a single mom, too, but mine liked her drugs more than me, and
she did anything for them. I had a lot of daddy’s growing up, but George
Winston wasn’t one of them.”

“And those stories you and Gerd talked about at dinner in The Garden? The
jealousy?”

“All lies to get you to be with him.”

“What was the deal with you and the limo driver that night? He gave you such
an evil stare, and I didn’t even see a cat.”

She laughed. “There was no black cat. The chauffeur is part of the program. He
was afraid I would say too much to you…it was his way of warning me.”

Suddenly, I felt as if I were the biggest loser of all. I couldn’t believe I’d
been so easily manipulated. I didn’t know whether to feel angry or foolish or
both. __ I took a few seconds to collect my thoughts, then asked, “How did you
get here?”

“They promised me a job in the past, so I took it. I guess I should have asked
a few more questions, right?”

“Soph, I’m so sorry. I didn’t realize—”

“I know.”

“What can I do?”

“Just go along with them, Em. “

“No, I mean what can I do for _you_? I have money and jewelry. They can buy
you a train ticket out of this place.” I reached up to take off my necklace.

She pulled my hands away from my neck. “I have all I need here, Em.”

“But—”

“Em, for the first time in my life, _I’m_ in charge, and people need me.”

“What? I don’t understand.”

“I am the madam of my own bordello.”

“But you shouldn’t have to be _here_ to do that. You belong in the future.”

“No, Em, it’s you who belongs in that time. There’s nothing for me there.”

I was so frustrated that I wanted to cry.

“I’m actually happy, Em.” She flashed me what looked like a genuine smile.

“You can’t mean that!”

“I do. Please, Em, we only have a couple of minutes, and there’s something
important I need to tell you.”

“Okay.”

“Whatever you do, don’t trust Lord Winston or anyone he knows. Also, make sure
you succeed at whatever he asks you to do.”

“Well, he wants me to marry Mr. Beringer here, but now I’m sure that’s not
going to happen.”

“Really? I wouldn’t be too sure. He obviously cares about you, or else he
wouldn’t have brought you here.”

“But—”

“Please, Em, for once in your life, don’t argue with me! I know you’re smarter
than me at most things, but I obviously have some experience in this area.”

“I’m sorry.”

“I’m not. Actually, I’m one of the lucky ones.” She looked straight ahead at
the dark alley in front of us.

“Lucky?”

“Yeah. It seems our friend Gerd won’t be inheriting his father’s vast estate
after all. His younger brother is in line for that.”

“Because of me?”

“No. He went in search of his own fortune in the diamond mines of South
Africa. Unfortunately, he arrived right in the middle of the Second Boer War,
looking more Dutch than British. Poor Gerd didn’t last a week. He was never
much of a student of history.”

_I guess you were wrong about guys with money not losing._ I felt too nauseous
to voice my thoughts.

“Watch your back and trust no one, Em. This Beringer guy might be all right,
but I’d still be careful.”

“Who is he?” I asked.

“Beringer?”

I nodded.

“All I know is that he works for the other side.” With that, she gave me a
quick kiss on the cheek and stepped out of the car.

I scooted toward the driver-side door. “Soph, don’t go! This can’t be it!”

“Sorry, Em, but we both have our false reputations to uphold.”

“Will I see you again?”

“Possibly but probably not on purpose.”

My eyes clouded with tears as I watched Beringer walk toward her while she
made her way down the alley to her bordello door. He kissed her on the cheek
and placed something in her hand before they went their separate ways.

“Do you understand now?” Mr. Beringer asked as he climbed into the car and
again put my head on his lap.

I nodded but was unable to wrap my mind around what had just happened. The
light flooded into the car as we drove from the alleyway.

“Okay,” he said, and finally allowed me to sit up.

I spent several minutes staring at the countryside before I asked, “How did
you find her?”

“I accompanied a very intoxicated friend into her establishment one evening
and noticed that she wore a class ring. It seemed out of place for a woman of
her profession, and I was curious. For a fee, she told me her story.”

“Did you…with her?”

“No.”

“Good. How did you know she’s my friend?”

“I didn’t.” He had a strange look on his face as he turned to me. “I just
thought she could give you some insight into Lord Winston and those who don’t
succeed in the program. So you know her?”

“She was my roommate in college.” I paused, then added, “I put her in that
bordello.”

“Excuse me?”

“She failed in her assignment to marry me off to someone, so they sentenced
her to this life.”

“Well, you can’t take responsibility for that.”

“And the guy I was supposed to marry wound up being slaughtered in the Second
Boer War.”

“That wasn’t your fault either.”

“Really?”

“Tell me, did you know about either incident prior to their occurrences?”

“Stop talking as if you’re one of them!” I shouted.

He just stared at the road ahead without replying.

Several yards later, I finally calmed down. “I’m sorry. I’m just a little
overwhelmed.”

He continued to watch the road but nodded. “I understand.”

“Do you? Because I sure don’t.”

“Don’t worry. I won’t abandon you. Whatever happens, I’ll take care of you.”

“But they mean for us to be married.”

He reached for my hand and brought it up to his mouth. “As I said, I’ll take
care of you.” He kissed my fingers.

_Yeah_ , _aren’t you the same guy who said that you’d never hurt me?_ “Who are
you, anyway?”

He finally smiled. “That, my dear, is a subject for another day.”

He held my hand on his leg for the remainder of the trip, only releasing it
when he needed his hand for driving. I was so deep in thought that I hardly
noticed the ride at all until he brought the car to a stop in front of Winston
Manor.

“Shall we resume our ridin’ schedule in the mornin’, Miss Winston?” he asked,
reverting to his accent.

“I’ll be disappointed if we don’t,” I said with a smile. Although I was having
a few trust issues at that point, I thought it best to play along.

The footman opened my door and assisted me in exiting the car.

Mr. Beringer walked around to my side. “Good aft’anoon, miss.” He smiled and
kissed me on the cheek.

“Good afternoon,” I said, then watched him walk back to his side of the car.

I spent the rest of the afternoon and evening in my room, unable to face Lord
Winston after all I had learned about him and his program. I even faked an
illness to avoid dinner with him. My evening was spent slurping soup from a
bowl, delivered on a tray from the kitchen, and writing in my journal.

Wednesday, August 17, 1910

Dear Maude,

I can’t begin to tell you what my day was like. I don’t even know if I should.
Writing all this down might not be such a good idea, but I can’t keep it in
much longer, and you were always there for me, Maude, even now.

Mr. Beringer caught me singing Tom-like lyrics to Estelle. He seemed angry but
didn’t confront me at first. Instead, he apologized for being upset, and we
even made out. Then he snapped. One minute he was kissing me, saying he will
never hurt me, and in the next, he looked as if he wanted to kill me. I’m an
emotional wreck! I have no idea who he is, but he knows Sophia. She’s a madam
at a brothel in town. Can you believe that? Being sent there was her
punishment for not getting Gerd and me to marry. Even more shocking, she
actually likes it! Then, she told me Gerd died in the Second Boer War. I was
sorry to hear it. What a waste.

I’m scared, Maude. I don’t want to end up like them. Beringer promised to
protect me, but I don’t even know who he is, and right now, I’m not sure I can
trust him. I used to think I was only on a four year scholarship, and I just
wanted to do my time and get out of here. Now, I just want to survive.

I’m going to have to cut this short. I need to rack my brain to try to figure
out what other historical events I need to write down, so I don’t get sent to
my own personal Boer War and end up dead.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Nineteen{{{1
# Chapter Nineteen

**AFTER SEVERAL DAYS** , my fake illness drew the concern of Lord Winston who,
in turn, called for a doctor. I lay in bed with my arms folded across my
chest, waiting for the ancient, obese Dr. Morris to push himself away from our
dining room table long enough to examine me.

My plan was simple: I would fake an illness that required a specialist and
eventually a so-called cure that could only be found in the future. Since my
grandfather was a doctor, I spent many rainy days as a child thumbing through
Papa Bob’s voluminous library of medical books. Many of the infectious
illnesses burned an indelible image in my memory that I now drew upon to aid
me in my escape. _I hate these people_ , a _nd I’m not going to help them
anymore with their stupid agenda._

The heavy footsteps and labored breathing of Dr. Morris, as he approached my
room, finally brought me from my thoughts. “Miss Emily,” he said, after he
squeezed through the door and waddled closer to my bedside. “What seems to be
the trouble?”

“I don’t know, Doctor. It’s like nothing I’ve ever felt before. Do I feel hot
to you? Also, my nose just won’t stop bleeding!”

He stopped at the foot of my bed, and his blubbery mouth fell open while I
proceeded to describe, in great, gory detail, the other symptoms of typhoid
fever as I remembered them. At that time, many feared the disease that was a
result of the presumed unsanitary cooking habits of Mary Mallon, a cook
accused of spreading it to wealthy families in the New York area. Disturbingly
enough, Typhoid Mary was a hot topic of conversation around most dinner
tables.

“Gad!” The doctor stepped back from the bed in an uncharacteristically quick
movement that his body probably hadn’t produced since childhood. He hurried to
my bedroom door and fumbled for the knob. “This could be serious, very serious
indeed. I shall recommend you to a specialist straightaway.”

_Victory!_ I fell into a coughing fit for effect.

The door slammed as the terrified, pudgy physician ran for his life.

“Thanks, Papa,” I muttered under my breath.

I rested my head back on my pillow and smiled, recalling the tales he told me
about Typhoid Mary and the disease associated with her nickname: “They say
that typhoid can be spread by people who touch your food without first washing
their hands, especially after using the bathroom.” Papa’s chilling words
always sent me running back to the restroom for another scrub, his deep
laughter following me all the way to the sink. I sure missed him.

My plan worked like a dream—a bad one—because within hours, I was being rushed
to the hospital in New York City where an alleged specialist found me negative
for every disease for which there was a test, including typhoid fever. Finding
nothing wrong, he proceeded to turn my formerly healthy self into a limping
vessel of disease and infection with his own brand of chemically toxic
creations, formulas he had concocted for such situations. Lord Winston didn’t
even visit me, nor did he send anyone to escort me to the future. Apparently,
I was more expendable than I thought.

I was eventually transferred to a sanatorium to recover from my backfired
plan. It was there, between my most recent bout of fever, that Mr. Beringer
saved me from myself.

“You little fool!”

I stared up at his blurry face from my bed.

“If you wanted to commit suicide, I have a perfectly good firearm that would
have completed the task weeks ago.”

I tried to smile, but my chapped lips wouldn’t allow it.

“I’ll see to it that you are moved this afternoon, so you must pretend to feel
better.”

I nodded, and when a doctor entered the room a few minutes later, I sat up,
smiled, and offered an award-winning performance that succeeded in gaining me
a transfer out of there.

“Remarkable,” the doctor said, excitedly scribbling notes on my chart as he
left the room.

I felt like vomiting.

Beringer kissed my feverish cheek. “Midge is here to help you get dressed.
Keep pretending while I pull the car around.”

Midge edged her way nervously into the room. “Hello, miss.”

“I must look a fright.” I tried to smile, but felt my lips cracking in the
process.

“Oh, no miss. It’s nothing a little of Mrs. Fromm’s soup wouldn’t cure.” She
wasn’t much of a liar, but I couldn’t fault her for trying. She finally made
it to my side and helped me into my clothes.

“Please don’t lace that thing too tightly,” I pleaded as she assisted me with
my corset.

“No, miss.” She barely laced it at all.

By the time Mr. Beringer returned, I was clad in proper clothes and a coat and
was being loaded onto a creaky wheelchair.

“Thank you, Doctor,” Mr. Beringer said, and the men shook hands.

Yeah, thank you, Doctor…for nearly killing me!

The ride from the sanatorium was more than my fragile body could handle. The
road was possibly the bumpiest in a 100-mile radius, and we had to stop
numerous times so I could be sick. “How much farther?” I moaned after a bout
of the dry heaves.

He patted my knee. “Not far.”

At some point along the way, I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing
I remember, I was being carried from the car and placed on a stretcher. “Wh-
Where am I?” I said, my voice a weak imitation of its former self. I starred
up at paintings and coffered ceilings in what appeared to be the front hallway
of a house.

Mr. Beringer looked down at me. “Dunston House, my dear. Now just try to
relax.”

I must have taken his advice, because when I awoke next, I was lying in a
white, hospital-looking room, with tubes protruding from every orifice, and
modern instruments beeping in the background. _I’m home_. I felt a warm tear
traveling from the corner of my eye to my ear.

I remember briefly waking several more times over the course of an unknown
period, before I finally regained full consciousness. I looked around and saw
a nurse checking the instruments that surrounded me. “Am I home?”

She jumped and nearly dropped the chart in her hand. The nurse stared, wide-
eyed, at me for several seconds before saying, “Oh, dear. I’ll get the
doctor.” Then, she put down the chart and quickly left the room.

A doctor returned within minutes with his outstretched hand leading the way.
“Hello, I’m Dr. Simone.”

I shook his hand, trying to sit up. “Hello, Doctor. Nice to meet you.”

“How are you feeling this evening?”

I looked for a window but didn’t spot one. “It’s evening?”

“Yes.”

“How long have I been asleep?”

“Well, you’ve been here for two weeks,” he said, flipping through my chart.

“Excuse me?”

He shined a light in my eyes. “Your condition was very serious.”

“Am I okay now?”

“We’ll run some tests, but the fact that you have regained consciousness is a
very good sign.” He then placed the ever-chilly stethoscope on my chest and
asked me to take deep breaths.

“Where am I?”

“You are in very good hands, miss.” He closed my chart and exited the room.

Nice answer, Doc. Yeah, nice and evasive. You could have made up a hospital
name, and I wouldn’t have known the difference.

I continued to look around the room and realized the walls didn’t quite touch
the ceiling in parts. “Nice movie set, people, but attention to detail is
everything,” I said under my breath.

Almost immediately, the door swung open, and Mr. Beringer entered the room,
dressed in a shirt and pants made of a fabric I didn’t recognize. He remained
near the doorway as I continued to stare at his clothes.

“Emily,” he said. This marked the first time he had ever called me by my first
name.

I looked at his face as he pulled a chair closer to my bed.

“What were you thinking?”

“I thought faking an illness would get me transferred back to the future, for
a cure.”

“But typhoid fever?”

“Well, my grandpa was a doctor.”

He just laughed.

“You find this funny?”

“No. It’s just that…Well, it seems you really aren’t very good at this.”

“At what?”

“At manipulating the past.”

“Apparently not.” I folded my arms and stared down at my hospital bed.

“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t joke. We almost lost you, Emily.”

“You’re obviously not who you say you are,” I said, trying to change the
subject. “Is your real name even Wendell?”

“I go by Dell. Did you hear what I said?”

“Yes, you almost lost me. But really, Dell, would that have been so bad?” I
again stared at my bed. “I mean, Lord Winston only wants to use me. You can’t
trust me, and my only alternative to helping Lord Winston is a life of
prostitution. Plus, I probably won’t ever see my mom again, so what’s the
point?”

“The point? Oh, Emily, you are so—”

“Yeah, yeah, I know. I’m so naïve. Isn’t that part of my usefulness, though?
Let’s just recruit stupid, gullible Emily to further our cause.” My voice rose
as my mouth got away from me. “Yes, poor, naïve, silly little Emily. She’ll do
just fine.”

“I doubt that’s the case, Emily.”

“Really? Well, I think you’re wrong. Then, to make matters worse, you come
along and try to do the same thing, only it’s because you want to cozy up to
Lord Winston, so you can do whatever it is you’re supposed to do. Sure, just
marry his niece, poor, naïve, unsuspecting Emily!” I was almost hysterical
now, talking as loud as my weak lungs would allow. “Did I mention that I’m
still a virgin? Yeah, you bet. I’ve saved myself so some guy who hates me can
get closer to my dreaded employer. Isn’t that just a peach?” I sobbed
uncontrollably into my hands, sliding back down in my bed. “I just wanted a
stupid scholarship so I could go to college! Was that so much to ask?” My
words were almost unintelligible as I wailed into my tear-soaked sheet.

The monitors beeped loudly, as if to compete with my hysteria.

“Are you finished?” Dell calmly asked the top of my head.

“Patronize me all you want. I really don’t care!” I sat up slightly and used
the sheet to mop up my face.

“Emily, I don’t hate you.”

“Okay. You just strongly dislike me.”

He handed me a box of tissue, which I proceeded to make use of for the next
several minutes. When I was finished, he lifted a trash can to my side, and I
deposited the used tissues into it.

“Now, can we talk?”

“Fine.” I stared at him through puffy eyes.

“I love you.”

“Excuse me?”

He just smiled.

“How can you love me, especially since I work for the other team?”

He shrugged and continued to smile. “Good question.”

I just glared at him, making him smile even more.

“You were a surprise to me. None of my research included you. Therefore, I
didn’t have reason to believe that you aren’t, in fact, Lord Winston’s niece.”

“Figures.”

“It’s actually a good thing.”

“How so?”

“You’re a wild card.”

“A what?”

“A wild card, a historical figure that obviously existed in the past but
managed to remain anonymous. I appear to be one as well, at least in
Evergreen’s eyes. This means we can come and go, possibly influencing but not
directly changing any events. We’re safe.”

“And that’s good for what?”

“As I said, for influencing but not directly changing events.”

“Is there an echo in here?” I pretended to scan the room.

“Emily, it’s precisely why you are so important to Lord Winston, and why he
wants us to marry.”

“My brain hurts” I said, massaging my forehead. “Please connect the dots for
me.”

“Okay, he can continue to use you to collect information on people without you
interfering with his agenda. If you marry me, it will only expand his sphere
of influence to the Southern states. He can use me, as his presumed nephew-in-
law, to assist him in gaining access to players in that region. Sweetheart,
we’re a safe match historically. Aren’t you excited?”

In normal circumstances, his enthusiasm would have almost been contagious;
however, those circumstances were anything but normal. “So we don’t save the
day?” I asked, focusing my rubbing efforts on my temples.

“Not directly.”

“I hate Lord Winston.”

“I know.” He stroked my blanket-covered leg.

“What is this agenda of theirs, anyway? And for that matter, what’s _yours_?”

“Evergreen Research was created for one reason, to allow wealthy individuals
the ability to alter past events, thereby gaining more wealth and power.”

“Sick. Have they been successful?”

“Not yet. I’m with a company that strives to allow history to run its natural
course, without any outside influence.”

“Does Evergreen know about your company?”

“Not at this point, no. They’re still in their infancy, so to speak, arrogant
enough to believe they are the only ones with time-travel technology.”

“Are you a scientist?”

“Yes, as well as an engineer.”

“Do you make slaves out of scholarship students?”

“No!” He laughed, patting my hand. “A close relative of mine started this
business for us.”

“Us?” I asked, sitting up in my bed.

“Yes, you and I are meant to be together.”

“What do you mean?”

He took my hand in his. “Emily, I’m from the future.”

“Yes, so am I.”

“No, I’m from the distant future.”

“How distant?”

“The year 2125, to be exact.”

“Oh. Now, I really have a headache!”

He let me digest that for a moment, without adding anything new.

Finally, my curiosity caught up and forced me to ask more questions. “Who is
this relative of yours, the one who started the business?”

“He’s our son.”

“Bucket!” I screamed.

Dell quickly handed me the garbage can so I could endure an episode of the dry
heaves.

“This isn’t happening!” I straddled the can and dropped my head back on my
pillow. Then, without lifting it, I turned my gaze on him. “Are we in the
future now?”

“Yes.”

“Is that why your clothes are so weird?”

“Yes.” He laughed. “This fabric is virtually indestructible.”

I sat up, leaned forward around the garbage can, and grabbed the sleeve of his
shirt. I tugged at it, and it stretched in reply.

“Watch, I’ll show you.” He stood to unbutton the shirt. I stared at each
button as he started at the top and worked his way to the bottom, slowly
revealing his muscular chest beneath.

_Water!_ I tried to find some saliva in my mouth, and in the effort, I lost
interest in the fabric and whatever features it held that Dell was planning to
show me. All I could do was watch as he unbuttoned his cuffs and removed the
garment. His bare shoulders were full, toned to perfection, with two enormous
arms descending, in all their muscular glory, from either side.

_You’re killing me!_ But my thoughts didn’t keep me from trying to find a good
excuse to convince him to turn around. “Uh…what’s that over there?” I pointed
at the wall behind him.

He fell for it and turned, allowing me to examine the rippling muscles that
formed his back.

_Nice butt!_ I noticed as my eyes traveled the length of his torso.

“Over where?” He turned back to me, catching me in the act. “I can’t believe I
fell for that!” He laughed. “I thought you were ill.”

“Ill, not dead.” I tried to sit up straighter in my bed. “What else do you
have for me?”

“I think that’s quite enough for today.” He put his shirt back on.

“Tease.” I noticed a new look on his face as he buttoned his shirt. “You’re
blushing!”

“Quiet, you. Don’t you need to take a nap or something?”

“No. I’m wide awake now.”

He smiled as he finished dressing and resumed his seat next to me.

“Since we’re in your future now, can I—”

“No, Em.”

“I didn’t even get to finish my question.”

“It doesn’t matter. The answer is still the same.”

“Why not?”

He just stared at me for a few seconds before saying, “I brought you here
against the advice of others, to save you. This room is as far as you go.”

_Whatever._ “So what now?”

“Well, we will return to the past, prior to your illness, back to our
afternoon drive.”

“Okay…”

“Only this time, on that drive, I will have proposed to you.”

“And I accepted?”

“Yes.”

“What about my clothes from that day?”

“We have them.”

“Is Midge part of this?”

“Yes, but never speak of it with her or anyone other than me…and never, ever
at Winston Manor.”

“Okay. I suppose it’s probably bugged.”

“Exactly. Are you ready?”

“Yes, I guess so.”

Dell walked across the room, to a small closet, and produced the exact outfit
I wore on that fateful car ride weeks earlier.

“I’ll be just outside.” He opened the door and exited the room.

I felt disgusting, and wished, more than anything, that I could take a shower
before we left. They must have read my mind, because within seconds, Midge
appeared with two men in white coats, pushing a cart that contained a filled
bathtub. After they left, she half lifted my emaciated body into the tub and
helped me wash my weakened self until I looked and smelled as I should.

“Thank you, Midge.”

“You’re welcome, miss.” She held my hand as I stepped onto a towel she had
placed on the floor.

Once I was dried, dressed, and presentable, with a good tooth-brushing thrown
in the mix, I walked out of the room into an area that was draped with floor-
to-ceiling, white plastic curtains.

“Can’t be too careful,” Dell said. Now dressed in the suit he wore the day of
our drive, he offered me his arm.

“Guess not.” I took his assistance and walked with him for the first time in
more than a month. “I feel a little light-headed,” I said, grabbing his arm
with both hands to steady myself.

“Just a few steps more.” We rounded a corner that led to a dark, warehouse-
type space that held his new car. We approached the passenger door, which he
opened for me, and he helped me inside. Midge climbed in the back seat.

When Dell first showed me the car, I paid little attention to it; at the time,
I was far too preoccupied with the events occurring around me. That time,
however, I realized the vehicle was unlike any other I’d ridden in or studied
about from that time frame. Most cars of that era were manufactured for right-
side driving, without a working door on that side, if they even had front
doors.

“Dell, are you sure your people have this right?” I finally asked.

“Excuse me?”

“What kind of car is this?”

He followed my gaze as I looked from left to right at the two functioning
front doors. “Cars such as this were in their infancy. We just…helped them
along,” he said with a grin.

“Won’t that draw suspicion?”

“No. We’re quite experienced in covering our tracks.”

“And Lord Winston won’t be suspicious?” I asked, remembering his interest in
the car the first day Dell drove it to Winston Manor.

He smiled. “You missed that conversation.”

“No kidding. I’ve missed a lot of things lately.”

He continued to smile and pretended to adjust his mirrors.

“Whatever,” I mumbled and looked around for any more surprises. “Is there a
CD-changer stashed under the seat?”

Midge let out a strange snort behind us and blushed uncontrollably when Dell
and I turned to look at her. “Sorry,” she said, then stared at the
floorboards.

_I guess not_.

As I faced forward again, I caught Dell smiling and shaking his head. “I sure
missed you.”

“Thank you.” I wanted to say more but felt Midge’s eyes on me.

“Shall we?” Without waiting for a reply, Dell grabbed the wheel, turned on the
engine, and slowly drove to the far side of the room, where a bay door opened
into a tunnel.

“A self-starting engine?” I asked.

Dell offered another of his I’m-not-going-to-answer-that smiles and reached
for my hand. “Close your eyes.”

Rather than asking another question that I knew would be left unanswered, I
did as I was told, closed my eyes, and bowed my head toward my lap.

I heard the engine accelerate for several seconds as a warm wind whistled
around the edges of the car. Within minutes, the vehicle slowed and the
whistling stopped. With a jerk, I felt as if we were being lifted, car and
all, into the air. Light seemed to replace the darkness as I slowly opened my
eyes to see us travel through two large garage doors onto the gravel path that
led us from Dunston House to the main road to town. Just like that, we were
back, and I was grateful it was much better than the rollercoaster ride I’d
taken with Evergreen.

The car came to a stop, and Dell let Midge exit the vehicle.

“Thank you, sir,” she said.

I imagined the long walk she would have to take before reaching Winston Manor.
“Can’t we drop her closer?”

“Not without drawing suspicion. We’ll give her a head start, though, so she
will be back at the manor before we arrive.”

When we finally pulled up in front of the residence, I felt as if I had been
gone for years. The footman opened the door for me and helped me out, and Dell
came around to my side and took my arm.

“It appea’s that Miss Winston has taken ill. Can you please alert her
housemaid?” Dell remembered to speak in his Southern accent.

“Yes, sir,” the footman said, then left to find Midge.

“I hope she made it in time,” I said, suddenly feeling weak.

“She did.” He helped me up the stairs and into the hallway.

Midge met us there, making a fuss over me as she led me to my room.

I stopped midway up the stairs and looked back at Dell, who was still standing
in the entryway. “Thank you, Mr. Beringer.”

“You’re quite welcome; I will call on you lat’a ta see how you’re a-doin’.”

“How nice. Thanks again.” I turned to Midge and the remaining stairs.

Once in my room, she helped me into bed, where I spent the next few days
recovering from my illness that never occurred.

Dr. Morris was called again, only that time his diagnosis was simple
exhaustion. He recommended bed rest and Mrs. Fromm’s famous soup, which he
sampled in excess before promising to return to check on my progress in the
morning.

_Phew, dodged that bullet!_ I pulled the blankets up to my chin.

August 17, 1910 (again)

Dear Maude,

Remind me to never use illness as an excuse to avoid reality, regardless of
which reality I’m living in. Long story…

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty{{{1
# Chapter Twenty

**ONE THING I** learned, living in a house with a staff as large as Winston
Manor’s, was that news traveled extremely fast, especially good news. The
wedding date was set for November 12, so while I was recovering from my bout
with so-called exhaustion, everyone around me was already making plans for the
upcoming engagement party.

_Who needs the internet?_ I decided as I worked my way through the stacks of
menus and sample invitations. I also had to peruse drawings of dresses and
other clothing, complete with fabric swatches, which covered my bed and the
floor surrounding it. “Isn’t there someone on staff who can do this for me?” I
asked Midge.

She just frowned and left the room.

_Oops!_ I felt bad, knowing she was most likely just as overwhelmed as me. __
I collected my thoughts for several minutes as I rifled through the pile of
menus in front of me. It was difficult to be in the mood for a wedding that I
knew wasn’t real. I realized it was all part of the game, but for everyone’s
sake, including my own, I had to learn how to fake it. That faux enthusiasm
was all the more important since my room was likely bugged. My solution was to
dramatically flop my head back on my pillow and play up my exhaustion one last
time. I let out an audible sigh and said, “I wish I wasn’t so pooped. It’s
ruining the excitement!” _There, that should satisfy them for a while._

Regardless, that was my last performance. All of the planning had motivated me
to step up my recovery in order to escape it, so by the end of the day, I was
already taking a walk through the rose garden.

“I thought I’d find you here.” I heard a voice behind me just as I was
inhaling the especially fragrant scent of a pinkish-purple rose that bore the
label “Reine des Violettes.” I turned to see Dell walking toward me, with a
huge grin spread across his face.

“Good Morning, sweetheart,” he said, then planted an unexpected, lingering
kiss fully on my lips.

“Well it is now.” I smiled. “That should convince them.”

“You’re the only one I want to convince.” His concerned eyes met mine. “Are
you doing okay with all the planning?”

“It’s difficult to plan for something that isn’t real, but I’m managing.”

He let out a nervous chuckle. “Who said it isn’t real?”

“You know what I mean.”

“Do I?” he asked, with an edge in his voice.

“What I mean is it’s all so…contrived.”

“Darling, we’re getting married in a few months. How is that contrived?”

I thought for a few seconds. “I’m confused.”

“That you are. Perhaps you should go back and lie down.”

“No, I’d rather stay out here. The fresh air does me good,” I said, a weak
attempt at sounding stubborn.

We walked in silence to the end of the rose garden and gazebo, onto the lawn
that followed.

“I’m sorry, Dell. I didn’t mean to offend you.”

He didn’t respond.

“I just…Well, I guess I thought this is all just for show.”

He looked at me, his eyes filled with a mixture of anger and pain. “Have you
no feelings for me at all?”

“Yes, of course, but…” I stopped to rub my temples. “The other day, you said
that we became engaged on our drive.”

He just stared at me.

“You didn’t ask me. You _told_ me. It was more of an order than a proposal.
Help me out here, Dell. Do you really _want_ to marry me?”

Dell stared at the ground for several moments before reaching for my hand and
drawing it up to his mouth. He kissed it slowly, moving from my finger tips to
my knuckles, then to my wrist. “I’m a complete fool. I forgot that you cannot
see the future as I can. You have no idea. I made an assumption, based on
knowledge to which you are not privy, and I am truly sorry.”

“Okay, but I’m still confused,” I said, feeling weak again.

“Sweetheart, I absolutely want to marry you. This isn’t just a performance to
further the cause. This is real. I want you, Emily.”

The world started to spin. “I need to sit down.”

He walked me to a nearby bench and helped me onto it.

“Can we talk here?” I whispered, feeling under the seat for a bug. “I guess I
should have already asked that question over by the roses.”

“We’re safe. They haven’t perfected their outdoor wiring yet.”

“Excuse me?”

“Our electrician used to work for them—long story. Instead, let’s get back to
us.”

“Okay…”

“Emily, I love you. I know this is all quite sudden, but I also know you and I
are truly meant to be together.”

“I wish I had access to that crystal ball of yours.”

He rubbed my hands as he slipped off the bench and onto the ground, on one
knee. “I know I should have done this the right way before, but I…Well, all I
can say is that I’m sorry. I also should have known how quickly Lord Winston
and the staff would act on our engagement.”

I felt his formerly cool hands becoming clammy. “Comfy?” I finally asked.

“No, but I didn’t expect to be. This isn’t something I take lightly.”

“Dell, you’re basing a future together on nothing more than a couple of dances
and a few dozen horse rides.”

“There’s much more to it,” he said.

“But that’s all I have…well, aside from my illness, but I was asleep through
most of that.”

He didn’t laugh at my sorry attempt to lighten the mood with a joke. Instead,
he looked into my eyes, clearly struggling for words that seemed to be trapped
behind his lips. “Emily, if you marry me—I mean really marry me—I promise I
will spend the rest of my life proving to you why you made the right choice.”
His sincerity was palpable.

“I believe you, Dell, honestly, I just—”

“Trust me.” His blue eyes pleaded with mine.

_Well, he did save my life, and he sure is easy on the eyes._ Truth be told,
__ I couldn’t think of a reason not to trust him—or to fall in love with him,
for that matter. “Okay. In that case, do you have something to ask me?”

A smile consumed his face as he straightened his back and kissed my hands.
“Emily, would you do me the honor of marrying me?”

“Yes,” I said, grinning at the sound of the words I thought he would never
spit out.

He stood and pulled me into his arms. The kiss that followed was one I knew I
would never forget. Dell’s lips were soft and warm and seemed to devour
everything in their path as they assisted his tongue in its search for mine.
My body tingled in reply, and I grabbed his neck with both hands in an effort
to keep from falling backward. There, my fingers found the safety of his long
hair, and I eagerly entwined them in those soft locks. Even with the knowledge
that we might draw an audience from the house, we continued to embrace far
longer than was socially acceptable at that time—or in most other eras.

“We must save something for the honeymoon,” I said as I finally attempted to
break away.

“My reserves are endless.” He then resumed our kiss without much effort.

“Ahem!”

We quickly turned around and found Lord Winston standing just feet from the
bench behind us.

“I see you’re feeling better, Emily,” he said with a grin.

“Yes, Uncle.” I straightened my dress.

“Well, Mr. Beringer, you must have the magic touch.”

Dell blushed and only offered a handshake for his reply.

“I do understand your enthusiasm, but we must keep up appearances for our
staff. We wouldn’t want them to fuel any gossip, now would we?”

“No, sir,” Dell said.

“Of course not,” I added.

“Good. Now, will you be joining us for lunch, Mr. Beringer?”

“If that wouldn’ be ta much trouble.”

“No trouble at all. I’ll inform the staff.”

“Thank you kindl’a, sir.”

“My pleasure. I suggest you two find a different occupation until lunch is
served.”

“Yes, sir,” Dell said, his manners as endearing and impeccable as that smile
of his.

As soon as Lord Winston was several yards away, Dell leaned toward me without
making contact. “Are you happy with your decision?”

“Hmm…I’m not sure. I may require further convincing.” I pretended to
nonchalantly pick a speck of something from my dress.

“Then I suppose I have my work cut out for me.”

“Yes, you do. I’m glad you already know that.”

He offered me his arm, which I took, slowly sliding my hand along his muscles.

“Nice,” I said, admiring his biceps.

“You like?”

“I _love_ ,” I said, squeezing his muscles with both hands.

“I have more where that came from.” He smiled down at me as we walked through
the rose garden.

“I’m looking forward to you proving it.”

“Likewise, Miss Winston.”

We approached the French doors that led into the house and stepped inside.

* * *

From that point forward, I treated the engagement and wedding plans with all
the care and optimism of a genuine bride-to-be. I even created a journal to
record the entire process, complete with samples. It became my Bible, of
sorts, and I was seldom seen without it. “I’m really getting married,” I often
said to that journal, cradling it as if it were my first-born.

As a result of all the planning and my actual excitement for the event, the
engagement party was a huge success. The evening of the party, Dell and I
greeted our guests as they entered the Winston Manor dining room, once again
converted into a proper ballroom. He introduced me to his arrivals from the
South in much the same way Lord Winston had received the guests at my coming-
out ball, later adding their role in his company to their official title. I
did the same for those who were somehow affiliated with Evergreen Research,
quietly informing Dell of their place in society, according to what Hodges and
personal experience had taught me.

Our first guest arrived a full thirty minutes before the others, hurrying into
the ballroom as if someone was chasing him.

“Dr. Stanwick! So happ’a you could join us.” Dell shook the man’s hand with
enthusiasm, then directed his attention to me. “And this, doct’a, is my
beloved, Miss Winston.”

The man locked his beady eyes on mine and firmly clasped my hand in his.
“Pleased to meet you, Miss Winston.”

“Pleased to meet you as well, Dr. Stanwick.” I felt the sudden need to tug my
hand to release it from his extended grasp. “Eew!” I cringed at Dell as soon
as the good doctor walked away.

“Sorry, Em. He’s one of our key sponsors and insisted upon meeting you.”

“Lovely.” I smiled through my closed teeth at Dr. Stanwick as he shot a glance
back in my direction. “I hope he doesn’t have super-sonic hearing.”

Dell just smiled in reply.

_Great, there’s no competing with creepy rich guys from the future._ I
continued to smile, while keeping my thoughts to myself.

After the introductions were made and as the evening progressed, most of the
single girls in the room fell all over each other in their pursuit of the
single Southern gentlemen.

Later, Dell leaned toward me, whispering in the unnaturally thick drawl that
he only brought out for such occasions, “Well, darlin’, I fear our female
guests would swoon dead away if they discover’d that none of our bachelors are
as eligible as they appe’a…or are even from the South.”

“Then why are they here?”

His accent disappeared as he replied, “Curiosity. Most are sons of sponsors,
being groomed to pick up where their fathers will leave off. For many, this is
their first time in the past.”

“Doesn’t that make you nervous?”

“Yes, but the survival of the company depends upon future generations.”

“Such as ours?”

“Yes, _especially_ ours.” He reached down to pick up my hand and deposited a
kiss before returning it to my side.

I didn’t get to my room until after three o’clock and spent the rest of the
morning hours until the sun rose entering the names and positions of our
Southern guests into my Maude journal, followed by the first entry I had
written in nearly a month:

Saturday, September 10, 1910

Dear Maude,

Well, I’m getting hitched to Mr. Beringer—Dell. We had our engagement party
tonight. I couldn’t have imagined a man so perfect for me. I truly adore him.
I haven’t quite thought through how all this is going to work, but I believe
it will. It must. I do hope Mom and Tom get to meet him someday, because I’m
sure they’d love him too.

Anyway, the sun is rising, so I had better put my journal away before I fall
asleep with it on my lap.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-One{{{1
# Chapter Twenty-One

**AS SOON AS** the engagement party ended, preparations for the wedding were
thrown into overdrive. The dress designer of the day descended upon the manor
with a flourish one afternoon as Mrs. Fromm and I were discussing the
appetizers that would be served at the reception.

“Oh, another skinny one!” I heard over my shoulder as the designer entered the
drawing room. “Charles Wert, as I’m sure you’re aware,” he said, then
impatiently held his hand out in my direction, limply bent at the knuckles.

I slowly turned to face him. “Miss Emily Winston, as I’m sure you’re also
aware.” Then, I grabbed the tips of his highly manicured fingers and gave them
such a squeeze that I thought I heard a crack or two before he recoiled in
disgust.

He sat petting his fingers for several seconds as I debated whether I should
strangle him with the tape measure, draped around his neck like a feather boa,
or simply turn on my heels and shout, “Next!” before storming from the room.
Of course, I did neither. Instead, I just stood and stared at the slight wisp
of a man as he kissed his fingers and proceeded to count them as if one had
gone missing.

“We’re quite busy here, Mr. Wert,” I said, finally drawing him out of his
trance.

“Yes, yes, quite right.” He stared at my torso for the longest time. “Hmm…” He
circled me several times, muttering and pinching the fabric of my dress along
the waist and tugging the hemline from behind. “Disrobe,” he finally said,
then quickly returned to the examination of his hand.

Mrs. Fromm gasped.

“Excuse me?” I looked from Mr. Wert to Mrs. Fromm and back again.

“Well, surely you realize I must take measurements.”

“But…disrobe?”

“How else can I measure you properly? One does not create a masterpiece on a
canvas without first seeing it.” He shot a haughty look in my direction.

“Surely, Mr. Wert, you brought a female assistant who can manage that for
you?”

“I’m sorry, Miss Winston, but I can assure you, I take no pleasure whatsoever
in gathering measurements of shapeless brides such as you.”

Words escaped me as I fought the urge to stare down at myself. I chose,
instead, to take a mental inventory of my body that had never been accused of
lacking shape before.

“Mr. Wert!” Mrs. Fromm stood at my side. “You will address Miss Winston
properly or not at all!”

“You speak out of turn, madam,” he said, pursing his lips and jutting his chin
at us.

I finally found my voice. “She speaks the truth, Mr. Wert!” I put myself
between the two, then added, “Quite frankly, it is you who is speaking out of
turn.”

“Well, I never!” He backed away in exaggerated disbelief.

Finished with him, I stepped closer and said, “That’s correct, sir. You will
_never_ take my measurements. You came highly recommended to us by someone of
whose judgment I must now question. You are rude and impertinent and have
wasted enough of my precious time. Good day, Mr. Wert!” With that, I grabbed
the cook by the elbow and turned back to our menu selection.

“Humph!” he said, before storming from the room and slamming the door.

I looked at Mrs. Fromm, and we both burst into uncontrollable laughter that
kept us occupied for several minutes.

“I’m so sorry, miss, but—”

“Yes, I know. What a ridiculous little man. Something is most definitely amiss
with that one. Surely his behavior is some form of compensation for another,
very small part of himself.”

We both laughed again before returning to our menu.

Several minutes later, Lord Winston burst through the doorway, red-faced, with
steam practically billowing from both ears. “What have you done? You have just
sent the best designer away in disgust!”

“He wanted me to disrobe in front of him, Uncle,” I said, suppressing a strong
urge to resume my laughter at the sight of Lord Winston’s display.

“Pardon?”

“Yes, without a female assistant, in the drawing room, right in front of him
and Mrs. Fromm.”

The cook simply nodded.

Lord Winston stood there, tapping his foot impatiently and gaping in
disbelief. “Well, you were quite right in sending him away, I suppose,” he
finally said. He moved his hand to his chin and began to stroke it
thoughtfully. “I shall have to make further inquiries.”

“If I may, Your Lordship?” Mrs. Fromm asked.

“Yes?”

“My niece is quite the seamstress and has her own shop in town.”

“An original? How lovely that would be! Don’t you agree, Uncle?” I said.

“Uh, well, I think—“

“Please?”

He exhaled loudly through his nose. “Invite her in for an interview only, but
there are no promises.”

Mrs. Fromm beamed. “Oh, thank you, Lord Winston. I will send word this
afternoon.”

“Very good, but in the meantime, I will make some inquiries of my own.” With
that, he left the room, grumbling under his breath.

I smiled at the cook. “Does your niece have any drawings or examples of her
work?”

“I’ll make sure she brings whatever she has when she comes.”

“Thank you, Mrs. Fromm!”

“No, thank _you_ , miss. She will be honored to even be considered for such an
opportunity.”

The cook made arrangements for her niece’s interview the following morning.
Right on time, Mrs. Fromm brought her into the drawing room, followed by a
trunk of dresses one of our footmen wheeled in.

“Miss Winston, please meet my niece, Beatrice Shiverson.”

“Pleased to meet you, Miss Shiverson.”

“‘Sorry, miss. It’s missus,” the cook added.

“Oh, pardon me! _Mrs_. Shiverson, then,” I said, correcting myself. “It is a
pleasure, and I thank you for coming.”

“Pleased to meet you too,” the seamstress said shyly, then curtseyed as she
shook my hand.

I anxiously looked at the trunk. “Have you brought some of your dresses?”

“Yes, ma’am.”

The cook elbowed her and whispered, “Miss.”

“I’m sorry. Miss.”

“Quite all right,” I said, offering a smile to calm her nerves. Then I pointed
at the trunk. “May I?”

“Yes, of course.” She opened the lid and produced one of the most beautiful
dresses I had ever seen. It was a beige silk with a silk tulle overdress,
embroidered with gold thread in a beaded, floral pattern.

My hands went to my face as I stood back to examine the gown. “My goodness!
Did you design this yourself?”

She proudly looked down at the dress. “Yes, miss.”

“What type of dresses do you usually make?”

“Mainly uniforms, miss, but I enjoy making gowns as well.”

“Have you ever sold any of your gowns?”

“No, ma’am…er, miss.”

I gestured at the remaining dresses. “Are all of these originals?”

“Yes, miss.”

“Well, I’d certainly love to see the rest.”

She proceeded to pull one dress after the other from the trunk, each more
detailed than the previous. Finally, she produced her last dress, an
intricately beaded antique white wedding gown that succeeded in making all the
others pale in comparison. I was speechless. The detail work on the bodice was
painstakingly hand-sewn, amid clear glass beads and pearls that cascaded
downward like a chandelier. The skirt was free-flowing, with a train of hand-
stitched lace that ran for several feet and ended in a scalloped edge.

“It’s an absolute work of art,” I finally said, staring in amazement, while
running my fingers along the beads.

Mrs. Shiverson looked down at the dress she was holding, as I further examined
its beauty. But when I stepped back to admire it from a distance, I was met by
the curious gaze of its maker. Tears formed in her eyes as she looked back at
me.

“Mrs. Shiverson, have I offended you in any way?”

“No, miss.”

“Then why are you near tears?”

Several seconds of silence passed before she said, “Well, I don’t know how to
say this, miss, but I-I made this dress for someone else.”

“Oh, no!” I couldn’t hide my disappointment.

“Only…she was never able to wear it.”

“Why not?”

“He changed his mind.”

“That’s horrible. Is she a friend of yours?”

“Uh, yes, I suppose you could say that.” She wiped her eyes.

As I watched her hold the dress up to her own body, I realized it would fit
her perfectly. “Is this _your_ dress, Mrs. Shiverson?” I asked.

“Yes, miss.”

“Oh. In that case, thank you for sharing, but I couldn’t possibly choose this
one.”

“No matter to me, miss. I married another in a different dress. I only kept
this one because I didn’t have the heart to discard it, and, if I do say so
myself, it is much too pretty to just waste away in a trunk. It would be an
honor to me if you wore this on your special day.”

“Wouldn’t it be bad luck?”

“No, I don’t think so. It’s quite different than the dress I first sewed for
myself. I was thinking of putting it in the window of my shop, so I made a few
changes. I added more beads and the pearls. I extended the train and added the
lace only last month.”

“So why the tears, then?”

“It is just…Well, miss, I realized I loved the dress more than the man I was
to wed in it. Besides, I get along better with my husband than I ever would
have with him. That trip down the aisle wasn’t meant for me, but maybe this
dress will carry _you_ to the right man.”

I wasn’t much of a clothes tree, but I sure wanted that dress. It didn’t just
speak to me; I was certain I could actually hear it singing. “The honor would
be mine,” I said with a smile, as I continued to admire it.

By the end of the day, I was measured and fitted into all the dresses in the
trunk, with plans for several dozen more. They even met with the approval of
Lord Winston.

_She’s going to be one busy seamstress!_ I __ watched the footman load the
trunk back onto our car that was sent to bring Mrs. Shiverson and her
inventory to the manor.

* * *

With the dress chosen and many of the other details of the wedding set into
motion, I finally had a chance to spend some time with Dell. Our morning
riding dates resumed and seemed to be the only time during my day when I was
doing something of my own choosing.

“How are the plans progressing?” He turned toward me as we rode on our usual
route to the stream.

It took a few minutes for me to formulate a reply that didn’t sound like a
complaint. In the end, I doubt the effort was a success, but I had to say
something to him. “I do believe this wedding is getting bigger than both of
us.”

“I know, but it will be worth it.”

“I wish Mom and Tom could be here.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Is there any way we can marry in my time too?”

“I can’t make any promises.”

“No, I suppose not.” I struggled to fight the recurring lump in my throat, the
one that had been building for months.

“I have a surprise for you,” Dell said, quickly changing the subject. “Follow
me.” He deviated from our usual course and rode to Dunston House.

As we approached the residence, I saw the chauffeur unloading several bags
from a car parked out front. It was a little more than two weeks before the
wedding, yet several guests had already arrived at both manors. That time, it
was Dell’s brother, Shane.

We both dismounted as the younger, lighter-haired version of Dell approached
our horses. As soon as the brothers were within arm’s length, they captured
one another in an embrace.

“It’s been too long,” Dell said.

“It certainly has.” Shane patted Dell on the back. “And this must be Miss
Winston. Pleased to finally meet you, sis!” He then gave me a hug, followed by
a dip that nearly left me impaled by my corset.

“Goodness!” I said when he finally returned me to my feet. I straightened my
dress and tried to ignore my embarrassment.

Shane just smiled in return, revealing his own set of straight white teeth.

“You two look nothing alike,” I said sarcastically.

He cast me a crooked smile. “Good, then I guess we don’t have to worry about
you getting us mixed up in the dark.”

Before I could react, Dell stood between us, grabbed my hand, and held it
firmly in his.

Shane just laughed and looked at the ground as Dell walked me back toward my
horse.

“Sorry. I should have warned you. My brother is a bit of a flirt.”

“Well, he seems harmless enough.” I looked past Dell’s shoulder at Shane, who
was helping the chauffeur unload his bags.

“Actually, he’s far from it.”

“Well, you have nothing to worry about.” I pulled his head toward mine and
planted a long kiss on his lips to emphasize my point.

“Excuse me, you two,” Shane said, now standing behind Dell.

“Yes,” Dell said without turning around.

“It seems a car is approaching.”

We all looked at the chauffer-driven vehicle that was kicking up a plume of
dust and gravel behind it as it barreled toward the front entrance.

“Damn!” the brothers said in unison.

“Who is it?” I asked.

“Our cousin, Joel,” Dell replied.

I reached for Estelle’s reins. “Well, they need to slow down before they scare
the horses.”

Dell struggled to hold his horse as well. “He’s not big on first impressions.”

The car came to a noisy, dusty halt just feet before us, causing Shane to rush
toward the horses to help us keep them from bolting.

_What a jerk!_ I fought the urge to give both the driver and passenger a piece
of my mind.

The chauffer stepped out of the car and opened the door for a burly gentleman
dressed in a dark brown suit and carrying a cane. I couldn’t help but notice
the large pipe protruding from his mouth. He was followed by another man, who
was dressed in a black suit and wearing a top hat.

“Who’s that?” I asked Dell.

“His brother, Frank.”

They both looked around and stretched as the staff quickly arranged themselves
along the stairs that led to the front door.

“Good afternoon, Mr. Beringer,” the butler said to Joel. “We didn’t expect you
until this evening.”

“Came on the morning train, Jeffries.” He walked past the butler and the rest
of the staff, straight into the house, without acknowledging us. Frank
followed in a similar fashion.

“How rude” __ I looked at Shane. “Don’t they see us?”

“Yes and no, apparently.”

_Whatever that means!_ Growing impatient, I simply moved on to my next
question. “Why did they take the train?”

“They didn’t.”

“Did you take the, uh… _train_ as well?”

“Of course,” Shane said, winking at me.

Enough was enough. “Well, Shane, it was nice meeting you.” I extended my hand
to him.

“Leaving so soon?” He brushed past my hand to give me a hug.

“Yes. I have appointments to keep.” I quickly backed away from his embrace and
looked over at Dell, whose eyes were boring holes into the side of his
brother’s head.

“Shall we?” Dell asked, then assisted me with Estelle and my saddle.

Once I mounted my horse, Dell followed suit, and we both left, heading in the
direction of the main road.

“Please excuse their rudeness.”

“Which ones?” I asked, as I had already developed a dislike for all of them.

He laughed. “Mostly my cousins.”

“Why didn’t they acknowledge you and wait to be introduced to me?”

“I’m not entirely certain, but I’m confident I’ll find out shortly.”

“How long will they be staying?”

“I’m not sure of that either. I’ll ride with you to your stables, Emily, but I
can’t stay this time.”

“Oh. Will I see you later?”

“Even if I have to sneak away,” he said with a wink.

* * *

Sadly, later came and went without any sign of Dell. In fact, over the course
of the next few days, I neither saw nor heard from him.

All the horses were being shoed, bathed, and groomed in preparation for the
additional wedding guests who would soon arrive, so even if Dell had shown up
to ride, I wouldn’t have been able to join him.

Regardless, by the morning of the third day, I was ready to set out on foot if
necessary, just to check on my groom-to-be.

“I’m worried, Midge,” I said, looking at her in the mirror as she guided and
pinned my hair atop my head.

“About what, miss?”

“Mr. Beringer.”

She stopped what she was doing and gave my reflection a visual scolding in the
mirror. “Well, I’m sure he’s doing fine, miss. He’s probably just playing host
to his out-of-town guests.”

“Yes, but—”

Midge tugged slightly on my hair, forcing me to stop before I finished my
sentence. I rubbed my head and scowled at her in the mirror, but she just
shook her head at me.

Of course, I knew the drill, but I still wished that I didn’t have to worry
about the room being bugged. “I’m just being silly, I suppose,” I said, trying
to cover my tracks.

“Wedding jitters, I’m sure, miss.” She pulled on a few more stubborn strands,
and continued to fix my hair.

“You’re probably right.”

Many of our wedding gifts had already been delivered and were on display on
tables in the drawing room. I had spent the morning writing thank-you letters
that would be posted after the wedding. By the afternoon, however, I ran out
of distractions, and my concern for Dell was almost overwhelming.

_I could sure use a cell phone at a time like this…or any phone, for that
matter. Heck, I’d settle for a carrier pigeon at this point._ I dreamt of my
non-existent choices as I stared at the pile of gifts that surrounded me.
Although the items would have been considered pricey, precious antiques in my
time, I was too miserable to appreciate them.

“Miss Winston?” the butler asked, bringing me back from my thoughts.

“Yes?”

“Lord Winston would like to see you in the library.”

“Thank you, Campton.”

It would be the first time I had spoken with Lord Winston alone since Dell had
told me about his agenda, and I wasn’t looking forward to it. I tried to give
myself a pep talk as I nervously trudged down the hall to the library. _Play
it cool, sister_.

The door was open, so I entered and found Lord Winston facing the windows.

“Uncle?”

“Yes, yes, Emily. Thank you for coming. Please close the door.”

I gently pushed it closed and walked over to the window next to him.

“Emily…”

“Yes, Lord Winston?”

“First, I must tell you that I am so very proud of your progress.”

“Thank you, sir.”

“I know this marriage wasn’t anticipated, but you are making the best of it.
In fact, you’re quite convincing.”

“Thank you,” I repeated, curious what he was getting at.

“Nevertheless, I have to wonder if it’s too much for you. Are you absolutely
feeling up to it?”

“Yes, Lord Winston. I was just a little run down before, but I’m doing much
better now.”

He just stared at me as if I were speaking a foreign language, one he didn’t
understand. “Oh, yes, quite right,” he finally said, then turned back to the
window. “I wasn’t referring to your illness, although I am glad you are doing
better. I meant to ask if you are truly feeling up to going through with this
wedding.”

I searched my imagination for an appropriate reply. “Well, it’s been a bit of
a challenge, but I’m treating it as a game, similar to playacting for the
theater. As such, I’m managing fine, thank you for asking.”

“Hmm, I do not believe I’m making my point clear,” he said, again turning to
face me. “Emily, dear, are you willing to proceed, knowing the outcome will
leave you…shall we say, in a less than virtuous position than the one in which
you started?”

I just stared at him, feeling a hot blush creeping into my face. I was
mortified and in a state of disbelief, wondering in what universe it was
acceptable for the old man in front of me to be discussing my virginity.
Still, I held it together enough to say, “Uh, Lord Winston, I appreciate your
concern, but I really don’t see another alternative at this point.”

“That is where you are mistaken, my dear.”

“I’m sorry?”

“Mr. Beringer could be involved in…an accident.”

“Oh!” I felt my throat tighten.

“We could make arrangements. It’s not too late.”

“I don’t understand. Aren’t his connections quite valuable to you?”

“We are still determining the extent of their value. At this time, I must say,
it does not seem worth the risk of losing you as an asset.”

My blush seemed to drain as I felt the room start to spin, my brain swirling
along with it. _Control yourself, girl!_ I reached for the chair behind me. __
“I think I need to sit for a minute, if you don’t mind.” After a few seconds,
I was able to find my composure. “Please excuse me, Lord Winston. I simply
never entertained the notion of Mr. Beringer being…murdered.”

“No, no, my dear! I’m afraid you misunderstand me. It wouldn’t be like that,
not like that at all. It would just be…an accident.”

_Right, one that would leave him dead!_ I felt an overwhelming urge to flee
for my own life and Dell’s; instead, I opted to stay and fight for both while
I still could. __ “Well, sir, I really have embraced the concept of my role
here, and I am willing to part ways with my virtue, as you put it, in order to
strengthen the effort.” I offered an eager smile, hoping to salvage some piece
of Dell’s value, however small. “Also, Mr. Beringer is quite charming. I can
think of worse assignments.”

Lord Winston laughed. “Quite right.”

“Besides, from what I’ve witnessed, married women in your society seem to
wield more power and control than the unmarried members of their sex.”

Lord Winston turned his attention to the windows again, staring out at the
garden with his hands behind his back.

_Great._ It wasn’t working. Although I was a horrible liar, I knew Dell’s life
was at stake, so I resumed my position next to Lord Winston and created the
most believable lie I could. “Regardless of Mr. Beringer’s worth through his
connections, he does have something many other men do not.”

“What is that, my dear?” Lord Winston asked, turning his intense eyes on me.

“Wealth and vast amounts of Southern property.”

“Excuse me?”

“Just the other day, I learned that his family owns thousands of acres of land
somewhere in the South. They even have a fortune in gold and silver stored in
a vault there. He just hasn’t given me the particulars.”

“Hmm” He paused, then said, “I do believe Mr. Beringer’s usefulness may have
just increased considerably.” He nodded, and there was a far-off look in his
eyes as he asked, “When can you obtain this information?”

“Probably not before the wedding,” I said, hoping to buy Dell some more time,
“but I’m sure I will be able to learn many of the details on our honeymoon.” I
was so absorbed in the tale I was telling that I had hardly paused to breathe.
Now, I found myself standing in front of the devil himself, lying and trying
not to pass out from lack of oxygen.

“And why didn’t you write this in your last report?”

“Well, I wanted to be sure of the details first,” I said, struggling to
maintain my composure.

“Quite right, but from now on, please report every detail, even if you do not
know how they relate or if they are the truth.”

_Oh, God! I’m caught! He knows I’m lying!_ I turned away to hide my panic.

Fortunately, Lord Winston seemed to misinterpret my reaction. “Dear, I’m
certainly not scolding you. On the contrary, I applaud your efforts and your
commitment to the program.”

“Oh,” I said, exhaling in relief.

He then pulled me into an enormous hug that nearly knocked the shoes right off
my feet. “You make me as proud as my own daughter would, if I had one.”

“Thank you, sir.” But I didn’t feel so thankful or proud.

He released me, then withdrew his pipe from his pocket and glanced at me. “Do
you have any questions?”

“Uh, no, none at the moment.”

“Good, good.” He filled his pipe, clearly finished with our conversation.

“Thank you.”

“Yes, yes,” he said, lost in the search for his lighter.

I exited the room and closed the door softly behind me.

“Miss…” Midge said, standing down the hall, just outside the drawing room.

“Yes?”

“A few more packages just arrived, would you care to view them?”

“Uh…” I said, my mind focused on Dell and a much-needed plan.

“Miss?”

_Don’t freak out! Don’t freak out!_ I told myself over and over as I __ walked
to the drawing room.

“You look pale, miss. Are you all right?”

“Quite,” I said, but turned my attention back to the closed library door.

She noticed my gaze and stared intently into my eyes once I again met hers.

“ _Get Dell_ ,” I mouthed.

“Isn’t this lovely?” Her voice was enthusiastic as we entered the drawing
room. “We can only wonder what tomorrow may bring.” Then she gave me an
exaggerated wink.

I nodded, wanting to believe she could actually get Dell to come in the
morning. “Thank you, Midge.”

“My pleasure, miss.”

Tuesday, October 25, 1910

Dear Maude,

Winston wants Dell dead! I’m so freaked out right now that I can hardly stand
it. Apparently, he’s not as useful to them as they once thought, and they
don’t want to lose me. I think I talked Lord Winston into going through with
the wedding and, hopefully, the honeymoon, but beyond that, I’m not so sure.

Oh, I wish you were here, Maude. You always knew just what to say, and Mom
inherited that from you. God, I miss you both. I hope to see Dell tomorrow so
that I can warn him. I just hope I actually did buy us the time we need.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Two{{{1
# Chapter Twenty-Two

**THE NEXT MORNING** , I awakened and bathed before sunrise.

_They must be finished with Estelle by now. If Dell doesn’t show up this
morning, I’m going to get him myself!_ Deep in thought, __ I pulled the brush
through my hair, laid my riding clothes out on the bed, and waited for Midge
to arrive.

_I guess it’s a good thing she hasn’t shown up yet. That must mean she’s at
Dell’s place now. Either way, I can’t check and risk getting her into trouble.
It’s still early. I’ll wait another hour, and if she doesn’t come, I’m going
to tackle the stupid corset myself._ I glared at the evil thing lying on the
bed.

Within half an hour, Midge arrived at my door, with a smile on her face. “Good
morning, miss, Mr. Beringer and his horse are waiting for you outside.”

“ _I love you!_ ” I mouthed, then stood to give her a big squeeze. “Thank you,
Midge.”

She quickly helped me into my gear and delivered me, within minutes, to the
waiting Mr. Beringer and the stable boy who had brought Estelle to join him.

“Good morning!” I said, the excitement almost bursting from my mouth as I
avoided the strong urge to run to Dell. The feeling quickly passed, however,
when I noticed his complete lack of enthusiasm.

“Morning.” His monotone voice was barely audible above the neighing horses.

I wanted to cry as he looked at the ground, not making eye contact.

The stable boy assisted me onto my horse as Dell remained in the saddle, now
staring off into the distance.

After I thanked the boy, we rode to the clearing without any form of
conversation.

“Dell?” I finally asked.

“Yes.”

“What’s going on?”

He answered without looking at me, “I’m sorry. I’ve just been through hell
with my family, and I’m not in the right frame of mind right now.”

“What’s wrong?”

“What isn’t?” he said, gazing off across the meadow. “Let’s water the horses,
shall we?” He pointed his horse in the direction of the stream.

We rode slowly and dismounted in silence before letting the horses drink their
fill.

I tried to hold his hand, but he pulled away. “Talk to me,” I said, touching
his sleeve.

He looked down at his arm, then at me, fixing his blue eyes on mine. His
normally clear eyes were bloodshot, flanked by dark circles and heavy bags.
His appearance left a knot in my stomach.

“Dell, what happened?”

“I don’t know where to begin.”

“How about where you rode with me to the stables and said you’d see me later?”

“Emily, it’s not that simple. I’m having trouble finding the words.”

“Well, I’m not!” I said, losing patience.

“Does what you have to say have anything to do with Midge coming over to the
house this morning?” His calm, almost defeated voice made me feel guilty for
raising mine.

“Yes,” I almost mumbled.

“Then, why don’t _you_ begin?”

I didn’t wait for him to change his mind. “Okay, Lord Winston wanted to meet
with me yesterday to discuss the wedding. Only he wasn’t asking about my
dress, the cake, or any of those things.” I shook my head. “He doesn’t think
you are as useful to the program as they previously thought, and they do not
want to lose me as an asset.”

“Yes, I know,” Dell said. “That’s why my family is in town.”

“Good, because I think I bought us some time.”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, I lied to Lord Winston. I told him you own property in the South, with
gold and silver in a vault somewhere. I promised to discover more information
on our honeymoon.”

“Emily!”

“At least that puts them off for a while, right?”

“Yes, but what happens after the honeymoon?”

“I don’t know. I suppose we’ll just run away.”

He shook his head. “We can’t simply run away.”

“Why not?”

“It has to be clean, Emily, with no loose ends. Otherwise, it might attract
undue suspicion or adversely affect future events—”

“Then why not just return to the future, to my mom’s?” I interrupted.

“We can’t hide there. What if someone you went to school with sees you, for
example, and somehow Evergreen finds out? Don’t underestimate their power or
connections.”

I thought for a minute. “Okay, then what about _your_ future?”

“No, I can’t take you there. You’re not ready. Besides, just as with your
future, a visit to mine would require ample preparation to avoid making an
imprint.”

“But, Dell, it’s the future. My going there surely can’t affect the past.”

“No, but going there could jeopardize the future events beyond that time.”

“How would you even know about them?” I said, feeling a throbbing headache
coming on.

“We do, Emily.”

I rubbed my temples, taking a break from my confusion. “Are you saying your
company can facilitate time travel into the _distant_ future?”

“Yes.”

I tried to piece together the facts as I thought I knew them. “So Evergreen
Research is only capable of allowing travel from their current time to the
past and back again.”

“Yes,” he said, nodding.

“Then wouldn’t your future be the safest place to hide?”

He reached for my hand. “Not for you. You can’t go there.”

“I understand that, but Dell, _you_ can go. Then, when it’s safe, you can come
back and get me.”

“Emily, if I travel to my time, we will never see each other again.”

I wanted to scream but remained as calm as I could. “Isn’t the future set? I
mean, all we have to do is get married, right?”

“That was correct before, but…Emily, something’s changed.”

“What?” I pretended to check my ears to see if I could feel the smoke of my
confusion escaping from them.

He pulled my hands from my head and held them. “Our son was never born.”

“You mean the one who started the company you work for?”

“Something like that.”

I wanted to curl up in a ball. “I don’t understand.”

“Let me take you to the beginning.”

“Good idea.”

“Our son wasn’t actually the original founder of the company. A man named
Johann Holtz was. He was an inventor, engineer, and physicist who befriended
such great minds as Nikola Tesla. Holtz created a time machine that could
travel to both the past and the future, something that has challenged the
minds of quantum physicists for centuries. Holtz made time travel his life’s
work. You might say he was married to his job. As he grew older, though, he
also grew lonely. He missed having a family, so he spent the remaining years
of his life creating one.”

“What? Like Frankenstein?” I asked, horrified.

“No, sweetheart. Through time travel.”

Although I wasn’t certain I wanted to hear the answer, I was compelled to ask,
“How?”

“He returned to the past, to _his_ past. He met with his younger self and
showed him his future without a family.”

“And?”

“The younger Holtz didn’t like what he saw. Thus, the two traveled throughout
time to find the perfect wife for the younger Johann; one who would bear him
children and a real future.”

I gained new interest. “Did they find her?”

“Yes.”

“So what happened?”

“I don’t know yet.” He made a point of making eye contact. “She has a choice
to make.”

I looked away, staring at the stream, dumbfounded. “You’re the younger Johann
Holtz?” I asked.

“I am.”

“This is a bit much, Dell or Johann or whatever your name is.” I continued to
focus my attention on the stream, hoping the movement of the water would help
me make sense of it all. It took several minutes for me to fully absorb our
conversation, and then I asked, “Why did you tell me our son founded the
company?”

“Because he represents the reason for its founding. The company was created to
carry on the life’s work of my older self. Who better to do that than our
son?”

“Wouldn’t a daughter have worked just as well?”

“Emily, you misunderstand. We have a son first. That’s just a fact. I’m not
being sexist.”

I felt and sounded defeated. “I guess I’ll have to trust your crystal ball on
that one.”

Dell offered a weak smile. “Please don’t be that way, sweetheart. I stand
before you now, eager to answer the other dozen questions you must have for
me.”

“Two dozen, actually,” I corrected.

He laughed. “My mistake. Please proceed.”

“Okay, when I was sick, you mentioned that your research didn’t include me
because I am a wild card. I still don’t understand why you didn’t already know
who I was.”

“Identifying other time travelers is the most difficult part of our job.”

“Why?”

“Because you come out of the blue. After I discovered that you were working
for Evergreen, I spent several years of painstaking research to find out your
true identity.”

“Years?”

He tried not to laugh. “We’ve met before, you know.”

“Really?”

“Yes. Remember the toothless gardener who picked you up from the airport and
delivered you in a cart to Winston Manor?”

“Old Fred? No way!” I fixed my attention on his front teeth. _Impossible!_

“Yesh, I wore quite the dishguishe,” he said. “I was also your second-grade
teacher.”

“Mr. Johannsen?” I met his eyes, no longer interested in his dental work.

“Indeed.”

“I always had a crush on him. Your hair was longer then, though.”

“And blonder.”

I stared at his hair. “Wow! You’re right.” I just stood there for several
minutes, shaking my head as my poor brain struggled to absorb Dell’s words.
When I was finally able to speak again, I said, “Okay, my next question. If
you go to your future or disappear, as I had hoped _we_ could, does something
happen to me when you’re gone?”

“Yes.” He hesitated before continuing, “You marry another and have his child
when you should be carrying mine.”

Somehow, my mouth kept moving in an effort to gain further understanding.
“Along with being an unpleasant prospect for me, I have to think those events
wouldn’t work well with your ideal future either.”

“You’re correct. Aside from losing you to another man, I will have no
guarantee of descendants to assist in creating the technology that will carry
on my program. As a result, I could become trapped in the future if I travel
there.”

“Okay, so what are our options?”

“Well, that is what we have been debating. My family and I vastly differ on
our opinions in that matter, but ultimately, the choice has to be yours and
yours alone.”

“Okay…” I was still unclear of my choices.

“If I disappear after the honeymoon, they will have me declared dead, and
another husband will be chosen for you.”

“What if I hold out for my four years to be complete, and just return to my
time with you?” I asked.

“They will never allow that. You’re more useful married than single.”

“Great. I think I just convinced Lord Winston of that yesterday.” I paused to
ponder the notion before saying, “I know what to do. I just won’t get
pregnant.”

“Your husband is—shall we say…forceful.”

“Eew!” I cringed.

“I’m sorry.”

Although having a baby wasn’t my ideal solution, apparently it was everyone
else’s. “What if you remain nearby, in disguise, and I get pregnant by you?”

“Too risky,” he said, shaking his head.

_Phew! No baby!_ However, my feeling of relief was short-lived.

“Ultimately, under this plan, you have another man’s child and return to your
mother once your four years have been served.”

“Wonderful,” I said sarcastically. “And the other plan?”

“We lead everyone to believe we are involved in a fatal accident during our
honeymoon.”

“Okay. Then what?”

“We simply…hide in history,” he quickly added.

“Excuse me?” I felt my friend the headache looming.

“We travel to another part of the country or even the world, to sometime in
the future that we determine to be safe.”

“Didn’t I suggest something similar earlier?” I asked.

Dell shook his head. “You mentioned running away. This plan is much more
complicated.”

“Okay, fine. What then?”

“We wait it out.”

“For how long? The remainder of my four years?” I asked.

“Sweetheart, with this plan, you…die,” he said gently.

“But, I’ll be able to see my mom and Tom, right?”

“Not until we can determine that it’s safe for everyone. Our deaths might seem
suspicious to Evergreen Research. Your mother will be closely watched.”

“Oh my God!” I covered my mouth with both hands.

“Our people can protect her, Em, but we won’t be able to visit—not until our
complete safety can be ensured.”

“But you don’t know when or if that will happen?” I asked, my voice was
muffled from beneath my hands.

“No, not at this time.” He gently pulled my hands from my face and let them
fall to my sides.

“Great. So with the first plan, I get to see my mom, probably with a baby by
some guy who raped me, and you go on to live life without me or our son in an
uncertain future.”

“Yes.” Dell nodded.

“With the second option, our son is born, guaranteeing your future, but I may
never see Mom and Tom again.”

He nodded again.

“Is there a third choice?”

“Sorry.”

I wanted to cry but worked through it by asking another question, “Isn’t this
choice thing against your company policy?”

Dell didn’t even need to speak, the confused look on his face said it all.

To save him from wasting his breath on any questions, I said, “Getting back to
the wild card notion, I thought you also said I only influence events but
don’t change them. Couldn’t my having a choice change things?”

Dell smiled. “Now you understand the dilemma my family was having. Lord
Winston’s desire for my untimely death is really what has led us to reconsider
things. _He_ is responsible for changing events, not you. We must respond in a
manner that allows history, the true history, to occur as naturally as
possible, in a way that is also fair to you. Emily, I fought very hard for you
to have a chance to make this decision yourself.”

“Thank you, but why?”

“Because if you choose the second plan, it will mean you truly desire to spend
the rest of your life with me. Divorce or separation will never be an option.”

His words made the reality of my situation and the importance of the choice I
needed to make instantly clear. I had to turn away from his sad eyes. I
couldn’t think while peering into those perfect pools. _I love Mom and Tom,
but I love Dell too. What kind of choice is this, anyway? No matter what I do,
I lose somebody._ Then, all my confusion and insecurities seemed to travel
from my thoughts to my mouth, without obstruction. “Dell?” I finally asked.

“Yes?”

“I still don’t understand why you told me.”

He shook his head. “Now, _I_ don’t understand.”

“Well, you could have waited until we were on our honeymoon, drugged me in my
sleep, taken me to a lab somewhere, created our child in a test tube, and kept
me in a coma for nine months while I incubated our son.”

His laughter made the horses jump and scared the birds from the surrounding
trees. “Oh, Emily, I do love you!” he said, wiping tears from his eyes.

“Well, it’s true,” I said flatly, unable to find the humor in the situation.

“Yes, but please don’t give my family any ideas with that brilliant mind of
yours.”

“I’m not trying to be funny, Dell. I really mean it. Why are you giving me a
choice?”

He cleared his throat, as well as the smile from his face. “Because I love
you. Because I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Because you’re not
just an asset to me, Emily. You’re my love and my life. Without you, my life
is irrelevant.”

I was speechless.

“Your happiness means everything to me. I know I’m asking a lot of you here,
and I want you to be absolutely certain of your decision. I couldn’t bear to
live with myself if you were to regret sacrificing your life and happiness for
me.”

I reached for his hand, grabbed it, and wouldn’t let go. His sad eyes had
returned, making him look even more of a mess than he did earlier. That time,
I didn’t look away. “Can you guarantee that Mom and Tom will be protected?” I
asked.

“They already are.” He rubbed the back of my hand with his thumb.

“I love you.”

“I love you too.” But a look of uncertainty clouded his eyes.

“I don’t see this as just my future or yours,” I said. “I see this as _our_
future, and if we need to hide in history to protect our son, then that’s what
we’ll do.”

Dell fell to his knees, possibly from exhaustion but more likely out of
relief. He hugged me tightly to him.

I ran my fingers through his hair as he continued to kneel in front of me.

“Thank you,” he said, finally looking up at me.

“No, thank _you_ …for choosing me.”

“The choice was clear.” He showed me a few of his teeth in a tired-looking
grin.

“You look as if you haven’t slept in a while.”

“You’ve no idea.” He buried his head in my riding jacket.

Then a thought crossed my mind. “Has it been more than three days since you
saw me last?”

“Yes.”

“How long?”

“Months.”

“I’m so sorry, Dell.” I moved my fingers like a comb through his soft hair as
he held me close.

“Me too.”

“Are you back for a while? Can you sleep now?”

He nodded.

“Well, in that case, we should head back.” I slowly untangled my fingers from
his hair.

He stood and brushed off his knees. “Let’s just skip the wedding and have the
accident sooner.”

I smiled. “Won’t that create even more suspicion?”

“It might, but the honeymoon will be worth it.”

I slapped him on the shoulder as he pulled me into his arms.

“Do you still wish to marry me?” he asked, planting kisses all over my
forehead, and making it impossible for me to say no.

“Only if your horrible cousins go back to where they came from.”

“Consider it done.” He kissed my cheek. “Besides, they’re not actually my
cousins.”

“I was hoping they weren’t, but who are they?”

“Our great-grandsons.” He stopped to see the expression on my face and laughed
when my mouth fell open.

_Nice._ “Why didn’t they acknowledge us then?” I finally asked.

“They weren’t fully here. They were traveling in a sort of hologram-like
state. We could see each other, but they tried to conserve energy by keeping
their communication to a minimum.”

“Why were they only holograms?”

“Without the birth of our son, they didn’t really exist. Only their holograms
could linger for a while. They spent their remaining energy to assist me with
a solution.”

“So let me see if I understand this correctly. They were only here because
Lord Winston had you murdered at some point, probably after our wedding, which
meant that our son, their grandfather, was never born. They came to warn you
and also save themselves. Now, they’re gone?”

“Yes.”

“Okay…” I said. Science wasn’t my strongest subject in school, so I felt like
putting my fingers in my ears and singing, “ _La-la-la_ ,” followed by asking,
“Is it over yet?” Instead, I turned my head and planted my ear against Dell’s
chest, listening to the calming heartbeat through his riding jacket.

“Are we done here, sweetheart?” Dell asked.

“Yep.” I smiled, enjoying the security of his warm chest.

“Good. I could use some sleep.”

“Yes, you could.” I pulled away from him and climbed onto my horse. “By the
way, who is Shane?”

“Oh, him.” He laughed. “He’s me when I was twenty-five.”

I shook my head in disbelief. “How many of you are there?”

“Just three…for now.”

“Just!” I laughed. “Why is he here?”

“I’ll need him after the wedding, to tidy up any loose ends. He’s the only one
I trust.”

“Will he be safe?”

“Yes.”

As we entered the meadow, I began to laugh again.

“What’s so funny?”

“You were naughty at Shane’s age.”

“I’m only naughty with you!” He gave me the same crooked smile Shane had given
me.

We rode a little further before I started to giggle some more. “How can you be
jealous of yourself?”

“I wasn’t.” He tried to laugh, too, but it sounded forced.

“You most certainly were!”

“I most certainly was not!” he said, his tone like that of a chocolate-faced
child denying a trip to the cookie jar.

“Oh, brother. You so were!”

“I was not!” But he started to blush.

“Oh, just admit it!”

“Admit what?” He turned to look the other direction.

I tried to sound angry. “Brat!”

We made it within several yards of the manor, still exchanging comments
regarding his jealousy.

“I love you,” he finally said.

“Which one of you loves me? Dell, Shane, or Johann?”

He sent a tired smile my way. “It’s not nice to tease an exhausted fiancé.”

“I love you too,” I said, blowing him a kiss.

“Bye, Em.” He turned his horse in the direction of Dunston House.

“Bye. See you tomorrow?”

“Yes…and I mean it this time.”

Wednesday, October 26, 1910

Dear Maude,

I hadn’t seen Dell in days, until this morning. I’ve been worried about him,
but seeing him didn’t ease my mind much. He looked horrible.

He told me that my plan to buy him time isn’t really going to work after all.
Lord Winston will succeed in his attempt to kill him soon, or at least that’s
one version of the future. Dell found out about his death when his family from
the future arrived to warn him that our son was never born. Only, if our son
was never born, neither were his relatives. They’re our great-grandsons, if
you can believe it. I realize this all sounds crazy, and I don’t understand
most of the science behind it, but somehow, they produced enough energy to
appear in hologram form. They had just enough time to warn Dell and discuss
possible solutions before they disappeared. Unfortunately, I’m the solution.
Great, huh? No pressure there.

Anyway, I can’t say much right now. I’ll write more later.

Love,

Emily


* Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Three{{{1
# Chapter Twenty-Three

**DELL KEPT HIS** promise. With the exception of our wedding day, he arrived
each morning at seven sharp to accompany me on our ride around the Winston
estate. I could once again set my clock by him. The morning before our wedding
began in the same way, only with each of us having a bad case of the nerves.
We were lost in our own thoughts until we had almost reached the stream.

“Are you happy?” he finally asked.

It was a topic I had successfully avoided since I left Oregon, but on that
morning, his innocent question made me realize just how unhappy I really was.
As soon as the words left his mouth, I wished he hadn’t asked. I tried to
compose myself before answering, fighting the sadness I had attempted to hide
the previous few days, a sadness only my mom could cure. “Yes, very,” I said,
with less enthusiasm than I should have.

“We don’t have to do this, you know,” Dell said. “I could leave a note,
regarding cold feet.”

I stopped my horse short. “Then I would have to search through all of space
and time to find you, and when I did, I’d wring your neck for leaving me
behind!”

“Oh, sweetheart, I was only joking.”

“Well, I wasn’t!”

Dell dismounted, took the reins of both horses, and walked them to the stream.
He then reached up and grabbed me by the waist, forcing me to dismount into
his waiting arms. “I do love you, Emily.”

“I love you too.” I said, in a tone as weak as I felt.

“What’s wrong?”

“I miss my mom.” I tried to keep my lip from trembling.

“I know she should be here, and I wish she could; however, that just isn’t
something we can arrange.”

“I understand.” I felt the warm tears flowing down my face. “But I still miss
her. Have you heard anything yet about whether we can see her?”

“No. Unfortunately, everyone who will be working on that has arrived for the
wedding.”

“It’s so unfair,” I proceeded to whisper, unable to control my blubbering lip.
“You’re allowed to have everyone around you, and I have no one.”

“You have me.”

“Weren’t you going to write a note or something?”

“Sweetheart, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that. I don’t have cold
anything…Well, perhaps that isn’t completely accurate, but it’s nothing the
honeymoon won’t cure.” He tightened his grip on my arms in anticipation of my
right one smacking him somewhere, anywhere I could.

“I hate you,” I blubbered, failing to land even a playful swat.

“Now, is that any way to speak to the man of your dreams?”

“My nightmares, maybe.” I tried to wipe my nose.

He released my arms and offered me a handkerchief. “Here.”

“Thanks.” I took the hanky and used it to whip him several times across the
chest before using it for its intended purpose.

“Better?” he asked after several minutes.

I tucked the hanky up my sleeve. “Jerk.”

“I will never leave you.”

I looked into his eyes and saw only sincerity staring back at me. “Thank you.”

“I mean it, Emily. I will never leave you, and I’m truly sorry about your
mother. I will do everything I can to arrange for you to see her—everything.”

“Thank you. That means a lot to me.”

“Well, _you_ mean a lot to _me_.” He wiped away the remaining tears from my
cheeks. “Let’s have fun tomorrow, shall we?”

I nodded. “Everyone has put so much effort into it. I don’t think it will be
possible to have a bad time. I’m really looking forward to it.”

“Good, and just to let you know, my people are working on our escape.”

“Really? What are they doing?”

“I can’t tell you, but there are some pretty heavy hitters staying at Dunston
House right now. I’ll be in meetings for the rest of the day to work out some
of the details.”

“Okay, but I hope you’ll have it all worked out before the honeymoon. I mean,
we won’t have any company, will we?”

He stared at me as if I had just crawled out from under a rock.

“Seriously!” I met his unchanged expression.

“No, Em, they won’t be accompanying us.”

“But you don’t even know the details. How can you possibly figure everything
out in time?”

“Sweetheart, have you forgotten that the company is mine?”

“But—”

He put his fingers up to my lips. “That’s Shane’s job. He can tidy up what
needs tidying in our absence.”

“Doesn’t he own the company too?” I asked sarcastically.

“You’re impossible, you know that?” He grabbed me by the waist and spun me
around several inches in the air.

“Corset!” I reminded him.

He gently replaced my feet on the ground, smiling down at me.

“I hope I don’t get the giggles when they pronounce us man and wife,” I said.

“Why would you?”

“Because neither of us are using our real names.”

“We won’t after the honeymoon either.”

“What do you mean?”

“We’ll be dead,” he said, “and our new lives will require new names.”

“Ooh! Can I pick?” I asked

“Sorry, but our researchers must do that for us.”

I sighed in frustration. “Can I at least keep my first name? I kind of like
being Emily.”

“I’ll put in your request,” he said, then playfully rolled his eyes.

“As long as it’s not too much trouble…” I smiled up at him and gave him a sock
in the arm.

“Ow!” He rubbed himself. “That, my love, cannot be tolerated and will
certainly require some form of punishment.” He grinned, pulling me close to
his chest.

“I’m so scared.” I locked my fingers behind his neck. “Punish me.”

He sought the assistance of his lips and tongue to inflict unforgettable
punishment on me, before finally pulling away.

“I don’t think I’ve learned my lesson, Dell. Perhaps you should try again.”

“I would like nothing more, Em, but I must get back to my meetings.”

“Can’t Shane handle it?” I asked, then easily pulled him into another round of
punishment.

Several minutes later, Dell gave me a kiss on the cheek and whispered in my
ear, “I really must go this time.”

“Me too,” I said, reluctantly releasing my grip on him.

He helped me onto my horse. “What are your plans for today?” he asked.

“Writing thank-you notes, a final dress fitting, more thank-you’s, practicing
social cues regarding putting on the performance of a lifetime, even more
thank-you’s… You know, the usual.” I smiled as he leaned across his horse to
give me another kiss, a quick one due to my corset pinching me again. _Ouch!
Stupid thing!_ “By the way, I have another request for your researchers.”

“What’s that?”

“I want to live in a time without corsets.”

He chuckled. “Of all the things you could ask for, in all the archives of
time, _that_ is your request? A corset-less society?”

“Yes,” I said, casting a serious look.

He couldn’t contain his amusement. “You really don’t care where we end up, as
long as there are no corsets?”

“Exactly.”

He just shook his head and laughed. “I really am a lucky man.”

“Yes, you are.” I smiled, kicking Estelle in the sides to get a head start
back to the stables. Even with our best effort, Dell beat us there.

“Bye, sweetheart!” he said, remaining on his horse. “See you tomorrow.”

“Bye!” I quickly dismounted, blew him a kiss from the ground, and watched him
ride away. _Nice butt!_ As I stared and drooled internally, I absently handed
the reins to the stable boy who had assisted me off Estelle.

* * *

The next morning came earlier than I expected. By five o’clock, the house
seemed like the epicenter of a giant quake that shook the very foundation of
Winston Manor. The staff bustled around the place, following countless orders
by the housekeeper and butler, who kept them on task in a frenzy of last-
minute preparations.

The reception was planned for the dining room at one that afternoon, and the
staff had to standby, anxiously awaiting the last houseguest to finish
breakfast, before they could clear the room and set it up for the event.

I didn’t have an appetite, so I chose to skip the morning meal entirely and
enjoy a long, steamy bath instead.

“Shall we?” Midge interrupted my soak, standing next to the tub and holding
out a large towel for me.

“Really?”

“We’re already behind, miss.”

I reluctantly pulled the plug and climbed out of the tub, into the waiting
towel.

I spent the next two hours being dressed and fawned over like a princess. I
didn’t mind it much, aside from my new and unbelievably uncomfortable wedding
corset. As Midge was putting the finishing touches on my hair, which she had
piled onto my head with combs and curls, Lord Winston presented himself for
the first time that day.

“Simply breathtaking!” he said, his voice filling the room as he entered.

I smiled at him from my seat at the dressing table. “Thank you, Uncle.”

“Please leave us for a few minutes,” Lord Winston said to Midge and the other
housemaids who were helping me. As soon as they were gone, he hurried to my
side and extended his hand to mine, helping me to my feet. “You look…I’m
speechless.”

I really didn’t look too bad. The extremely talented Mrs. Shiverson tailored
my dress to fit me like a glove. She also added some matching satin ribbon
around the waist and created a lace veil with beadwork and pearls that matched
the bodice. It was finished with the same scalloped hem as the train.

“I brought you something.” He handed me a gold-trimmed rosewood box.

I hesitated before finally taking it. “Thank you.” I simply gripped the box
that resembled a small treasure chest, unsure of what it might hold.

“Go on, dear. Open it,” he said in impatient anticipation.

I slowly tilted the lid back and could only stare at the open box, speechless
and afraid to touch its contents. Inside, a tiara lay on a bed of black
velvet, its platinum frame covered with more diamonds than most jewelry stores
keep in their entire inventory. “For me?” I finally asked.

He looked down at the box. “Yes, it was my dear, late wife’s.”

“Oh, but I couldn’t possibly—”

“Just something borrowed,” he interrupted, still staring at the box.

I nodded, relieved to hear it wasn’t an actual gift, one I would be
uncomfortable receiving. “It will be an honor to wear it. Midge can assist
me.” I placed the box and its contents on the dressing table, then smiled up
at him. “How thoughtful. Thank you, Lord Winston.”

“My pleasure, dear. You’re the closest thing I have to a daughter, and I’m so
very proud of you,” he said, struggling through his now raspy voice.

I reached out to touch his hand and felt him squeeze mine in return.

He kissed me on the cheek and suddenly turned and exited the room.

I stared after him in amazement. _Wow, I think he’s being genuine, or was that
just a genuinely great performance? Either way, it was convincing._

I turned back to my dressing table and the diamond-encrusted headpiece that
loomed in front of me like a beacon on a shoal. As I looked at it, I wondered
which of the gems hid or contained a bug. __ I carefully removed it from the
box to admire it from all angles. _Maybe this one?_ I touched a large diamond
at the center of the piece.

Midge returned while I was still examining it. _“Bugged?”_ she mouthed.

I nodded in reply, then, to avoid creating a suspicious silence in the room, I
quickly asked, “Isn’t it beautiful?”

“Quite lovely, miss. Let me help you put it on.”

I sat and faced the dressing table mirror. “Thank you so much, Midge.”

She finally maneuvered the tiara into a permanent position after struggling
for several minutes. “How’s that?”

“Well done,” I said, admiring myself in the mirror, surprised at how perfectly
the piece fit with my hair and veil.

Midge paused to smile at my reflection. “Quite extraordinary.” She shook her
head and pulled a hanky from beneath the fabric at her wrist.

“Don’t you start!” I scolded her.

“Sorry, miss.” She sniffed and returned the hanky to its home. “Now for your
wedding slippers.” She quickly retrieved them from across the room and
returned to my side.

I turned in my chair so she could put them on me, and then I stood to
scrutinize myself in the wardrobe mirror. _Wow, this is beautiful._ _I hope
someone takes my picture._

We spent the next hour doing just that, along with my three bridesmaids,
supposed cousins from Chicago who were chosen for me from the program. They
were fresh off the boat, so to speak, and they seemed to be having trouble
adjusting to their surroundings.

“Act natural,” I kept reminding them, but they just stood, stiff-faced and
nervous, whenever the photographer requested various poses from us. _Was I
ever that bad?_ I stared at their pale, expressionless faces. _I hope they can
handle the pressure!_

By eleven o’clock, the photographs were all taken, and we were herded like
overdressed cattle toward the front door, to make our departure for the
church. My dress took up most of one side of the closed, horse-drawn carriage
that awaited us, so the bridesmaids were forced to squeeze in together on the
other side. Fortunately, the day was warm enough that we didn’t require warmer
clothing; regardless, I could hear the girls’ teeth chattering as we pulled
away from the manor.

“Are you girls nervous?” I asked an obvious question to break the ice.

“Yes, ma’am. We sure are,” the blonde one said.

_Ma’am? God, I feel old_. “What’s your name?” I asked her.

“Susannah.”

“Well, it’s nice to meet you, cousin,” I said, extending my gloved hand.

She shook it, wearing a nervous smile and a slight blush that consumed her
pale features.

“And you?” I asked the thin-lipped girl with the light brown hair next to her.

“Mary.”

“Nice to meet you, too, Mary.”

“I’m Anna,” the final girl said, her dark hair bounced as she shook my hand
across the carriage.

“Nice to meet you, as well, Anna. You’ll all do just fine.” I tried to
reassure them.

“I hope I don’t say anything wrong,” Anna said with a nervous laugh.

“Well, when in doubt, refer to your training.”

“You’re our hero, you know,” Anna said.

“I am? How so?”

“You’re the example we’re all trained to follow.”

“You’re joking!” I couldn’t decide whether to laugh or scold her, so I did
neither.

“You were the first,” Mary interrupted.

“Excuse me?” _Who are these crazy girls?_

“You were the first young woman they allowed in open society,” Mary continued.
“Now that you’re getting married, they need others to come along after you.
This wedding is our final test. We’re all hoping to be placed in one of the
manor houses, as you were.”

“Maybe even Winston Manor,” Susannah said breathlessly.

“Yes,” Anna and Mary said in unison, nodding.

“Well, I’m excited for you.” I tried to fake a smile as I digested the fact
that I was more of a guinea pig than I thought. I looked across the carriage
at the three nervous, yet eager girls sitting opposite me. _Better you than
me._

The towns’ people lined the streets and cheered as our carriage slowly
traveled to the church.

“I didn’t expect all this,” Anna said, waving at the crowd.

_Social Etiquette, Section 35, Page 287!_ I let my sarcastic thoughts occupy
my nervous mind for the rest of the trip.

Once we arrived at the church, the bridesmaids exited, freeing space for me
and my dress to find our way out the door. It was quite a feat to escape from
the carriage and have my dress straightened and train fanned out by my
attendants, but we managed.

Unfortunately, the three girls quickly entered the church and left me to
navigate the front stairs alone. I stood at the base for several seconds,
formulating a game plan that would allow me to ascend the steps without
becoming tangled in either my dress or my train. The cheering crowd didn’t
help my concentration any.

Lord Winston, who was waiting just inside the church, witnessed my distress
and crossed the entrance, red-faced, toward the three nervous bridesmaids who
were standing in a huddle.

All three immediately descended the stairs of the church toward me, and poor
Mary nearly tripped down them in the process.

“Remember where you are,” I said, with a cautious smile plastered on my face.

“Oh God.” Anna reached my side and froze, staring at the crowd like a deer in
the headlights.

“Girl,” I whispered to Anna, “blow this for me, and you’ll blow it even worse
for yourself.” I then whispered to all three, “Approach this as if your lives
depend upon it.” _Because they do_ , I said to myself, unable to say more
because of my bugged tiara.

Regardless, that last line seemed to do the trick, because immediately, Anna
and Susannah stepped behind me, and each took one side of my train, while Mary
straightened out my dress in the front, then joined the other two. When they
were finished, I took a deep breath and smiled as we ascended the stairs.

Lord Winston had resumed his place inside the entrance and beamed proudly when
I joined him. “At least I chose wisely with you,” he whispered, scowling at
the other three girls.

“Oh, they’ll be just fine!” I smiled warmly at him. “Just give them time.”

He coughed, sounding gruff. “One way or the other, my dear.”

_Poor things_. _I hope they don’t end up like Sophia._

My trip down the aisle was almost dream-like. Lord Winston led me toward Dell
beneath red rose-covered arches that lined the white-carpeted path. It was
much more beautiful than I could have ever imagined, so much so that I wanted
to cry. Instead, I tried to absorb the scene into my mind, taking mental
photographs as I walked, so I could describe it to Mom when I saw her again.
The guests on both sides smiled at me as I passed. I smiled in reply, knowing
that the bride’s side knew nothing of the true identity of the groom’s.

Just in front of the altar stood my soon-to-be husband, next to his younger
self, surrounded by two others who might have been my great-great-grandsons
for all I knew, because of the strong resemblance they bore to the other two.

_Oh, the irony_!

At that sight, had my nerves been steadier, I might have developed a case of
the giggles that would have left me in a heap of pearls and lace on the church
floor. Fortunately, I was too nervous to be amused. I also found it
increasingly difficult to take my eyes off of Dell, who stood smiling in a
suit that fit him and his muscles perfectly, as if it had been stitched on.
Again, I fought the welling tears that so wanted to fall down my face in warm,
embarrassing streams, only to drip off my chin onto the beads of my dress.
Somehow, I kept my composure as Lord Winston kissed my hand and offered it to
Dell.

He took it gently as we turned to face the pastor. “You look amazing,” Dell
leaned to me and whispered.

The lump in my throat was so unbearable, that I could only squeeze his hand,
before turning my attention back to the pastor.

“Dearly beloved…”

The ceremony was full and boring at times, and I tried not to daydream through
the important parts. With the vows and rings finally exchanged and my veil
lifted for our fairly uneventful kiss, Dell and I turned to face the crowd as
the newly married Mr. and Mrs. Wendell Beringer.

I smiled and chuckled at the sound of our name.”

“Stop,” he whispered. Then he kissed me on the cheek.

The guests clapped as we walked down the aisle toward the exit, and the crowd
outside cheered when we set foot at the top of the stairs.

Once we were safely in our carriage and well outside the vision of those
within the town, Dell held my face in his hands and gave me a kiss that could
never be described as uneventful. It certainly made up for the church- and
era-appropriate one he had given previously.

Soon, his lips left mine and worked their way to my neck. “Oh, Em,” he
whispered between kisses.

“Oh, Dell,” I said, then casually pointed to my headpiece.

_“Bug?”_ he mouthed, suddenly serious.

_“I think so,”_ I said and nodded in reply.

We both straightened our clothes and returned to the proper places in our
seats, just in case.

“Wasn’t that a grand wedding?” I held his hand and played with his fingers in
my gloved hand.

“Yes, quite.” He traced the route of one of my strands of pearls up the front
of my dress with the index finger of his free hand.

Fortunately, we arrived at Winston Manor just in time to save ourselves from
each other.

* * *

The reception turned out to be another edition of _Who’s Really Who?_ , the
game __ I had played on so many similar occasions. Thanks to the Maude
journal, I was fairly well-informed of the guests and their real identities.
Therefore, aside from needing to keep my conversations with Dell superficial
for the sake of the bug in the tiara, I was actually able to spend the evening
enjoying myself instead of worrying about names.

My supposed cousins, on the other hand, didn’t seem to be worried enough.
While I was deep in a less-than-lively conversation with one of the local
estate owners, I noticed Mary trying to sneak away with the son of a very
high-level Evergreen sponsor. _Poor thing_. S _he must have tried the
champagne!_

Lord Winston also took notice and followed the two into the hallway. He and
the young man returned minutes later, but Mary did not.

I felt sick, but hoped for the best. By early afternoon, however, the other
two girls were also missing, and I was dying of curiosity and concern. I had
no choice but to ask Lord Winston, “Where are my cousins?”

“They’re not your cousins,” he replied. “They broke the mold with you.” He
then walked over to a guest who was trying to get his attention.

_All for a scholarship_. I shook my head, feeling bad for the girls.

With the last of the guests safely on their way, Dell and I stood in the empty
dining room, dancing to the memory of music that had finished hours earlier.

“Shall we, Mrs. Beringer?” he asked with a smile.

“We shall, Mr. Beringer,” I replied.

Midge was waiting for me in the hallway, ready to escort me to my room. She
spent the next hour helping me out of my wedding dress and into my going away
outfit.

“Is everything packed?” I asked.

“I believe so, miss.”

I looked around the room and noticed that the Maude suitcase was still on top
of my wardrobe. “I’ll need that as well.” I pointed to the suitcase.

“Oh! My apologies. I hadn’t noticed.” She moved a chair over and climbed it to
retrieve the case for me, then added it to my stack of trunks the footman had
loaded onto a cart.

I checked the bathroom, wardrobe, and drawers to see if anything remained. My
belongings had all been packed in the trunks that were being transported to
Dunston House. “Thank you, Midge, for everything,” I said and gave her a hug.

“You too, miss.” She successfully pulled her hanky from beneath the cuff of
her sleeve and made good use of it.

I tried to act as if she wasn’t sniffing and blowing her nose in front of me.
“Will you be staying here or going with me to Dunston House?” I asked, hoping
she could get away from Lord Winston.

“I’ll be at Dunston House by the time you return from your honeymoon.” Her
ongoing tears made it clear that she already knew of our real plans.

I reached for my hanky also. “I’m glad.” But I knew there was a good chance I
might never see her again.

We hugged again, until we were interrupted by Lord Winston, who stood at the
open doorway. “Excuse me, ladies,” he said.

“Of course.” Midge wiped her nose and tear-stained face.

Lord Winston walked into the room as I was also making use of my hanky.
“Women,” he said in mock disgust, rolling his eyes. He then reached out to
touch my free hand.

I tried to smile. “Thank you for a lovely wedding.”

“My pleasure, dear.”

“Thank you, too, for allowing me to wear Lady Winston’s tiara.” I handed him
the box. “It was such an honor.”

“You looked beautiful in it, as radiant as my wife did.” He gave the box to
Midge. “Please have Campton put this away for me.”

“Of course, sir.” she said, then left the room.

He returned his attention to me. “And you’re quite all right?”

“Yes, I’m fine.”

He lowered his voice. “Because there’s still time.”

“No, no, I’m willing to move forward.”

“Very good, but if you feel in any danger whatsoever or need to return from
your honeymoon early, please telegram us immediately.”

“I will, but he’s not a dangerous man…is he?” I asked and pretended to look
worried.

“Oh, no, no, I’m just being overly protective.”

“So sweet.” But I knew he wasn’t. In fact, he would just as easily throw me
under the first available bus—or carriage—just to protect his own interests.

Lord Winston smiled and offered his arm, which I accepted. Then he escorted me
downstairs to Dell, who was waiting in the drawing room.

“Darlin’!” He reached for my hands, which Lord Winston released into his care.
Then Dell kissed me on the cheek. “Anoth’a lovel’a dress.”

I just smiled at how easily he could transition from 2125 to 1910, Southern
accent and all. _God, I love you_.

“She’s all yours,” Lord Winston said, as if he were loaning out his favorite
hunting dog.

The two shook hands.

“Thank you, Lord Winston, sir. I will take good care of her.”

“You had better” Lord Winston said, almost sneering at Dell.

I moved to give my fake uncle a kiss on the cheek and was pulled into an
unexpected bear hug.

“Make us proud,” he said and kissed me on the forehead.

I felt weak at the knees. _I wish I didn’t hate you_ , _or I might actually
miss you._ I nodded to clear my thoughts and said, “I will, Uncle.”

Dell’s car was waiting for us outside the front entrance. I waved at Lord
Winston and the staff who had assembled to see us off. As we drove away, all
but Lord Winston waved in return. For whatever sentimental reason, I cried all
the way to Dunston House.

Once we turned off the main road, Dell reached over to hold my hand. “Very
convincing.”

“I don’t usually cry this much,” I said between sobs.

“Right.” He sarcastically patted my leg.

I laughed and used my wet hanky to soak up my new set of tears. Then, before
we reached the house, I tapped Dell on the knee. _“What about bugs?”_ I
mouthed.

“Oh, that’s not a problem here. We have a sophisticated system of scrambling
devices throughout the estate. It renders their bugs useless. Once we’re
inside the house, however, we will turn off the scrambler. We don’t want them
to become too suspicious.”

“And our honeymoon?”

“Bugless. They already know their technology isn’t sophisticated enough for
that. I doubt if it can even reach inside Dunston House, but we don’t want to
take any chances.”

“Good.”

We drove around to the carriage house, where two men opened the enormous doors
that led inside. Dell drove in and turned the engine off, and the two men
closed and locked the doors from the outside.

The last time I had been through those doors, Dell had just rescued me from my
ill-conceived bout with typhoid fever. I looked at Dell, who held my hand as
the floor beneath the car started to descend like a freight elevator. “Uh—”

He put his free index finger up to my lips, then slowly removed it and kissed
the back of my hand as we were lowered, car and all, into the darkness.

We arrived more than twenty feet below the surface at an opening the size of a
garage door. Unlike on the previous visit, my eyes were open that time. I
noticed the entrance led into a warehouse area surrounded by glass-encased
rooms, filled with my trunks and their contents that had been delivered to
Dunston House earlier.

I looked at Dell again for further instruction.

_“Bugs,”_ he mouthed, followed by, _“Play along.”_

I nodded and turned to see a man approaching my side of the car. He opened the
door for me and offered his hand. “Hello, Mrs. Beringer. I am Martin, the
first footman.”

“Hello, Martin.” I took his hand and exited the car.

From behind Martin came a man holding cue cards. He wiggled one at me, and I
turned to Dell.

“Read it.”

I turned back to the card and read, “Such a lovely house, Dell. Are you
considering buying it?”

“Would that make you happ’a, darlin’?” Dell asked, now standing next to me.

“Yes, it would, my love,” I read, suddenly feeling the need to gag.

“Well, then I shall. I’ve alread’a written Mr. and Mrs. Faber, and they’re
considerin’ my off’a.”

“You’ve already made an offer?” I asked, trying to feign surprise.

“Yes. I thought that would make a lovel’a weddin’ present for you.”

“Oh, thank you! Now I can be near my uncle!” I read with enthusiasm.

Dell just smiled, trying not to laugh.

As we read, people in white coats ran some kind of a scanner along my body,
stopping whenever the device lit. Whatever the gadget was, it seemed to have a
fascination with my new shoes and corset, both of which made the instrument
blink and glow like a hand-held Christmas tree.

Dell stepped aside and quickly wrote something on a blank cue card. Then he
motioned for one of the white-coated men to come over to him.

“Mr. Beringer,” the man read from the card.

“Yes?”

“May I have a word with you?”

Can’t it wait?

No, I’m afraid not, Mr. Beringer.” The man looked up at Dell, who nodded and
looked at me.

“Darlin’, would you mind waitin’ for me in the drawin’ room? I’ll be just a
minute,” Dell said, then gave me an exaggerated wink.

“All right,” I replied.

He then nodded at a female lab assistant, who led me into one of the windowed
rooms. She drew the curtain and wrote on a dry-erase board, “Your shoes and
corset are bugged.”

I nodded as she proceeded to unbutton my dress and help me to remove it and
the corset. She left the room and returned with a replacement corset that,
once on, felt like I wasn’t even wearing one.

_“Thank you!”_ I mouthed.

She just smiled and helped me to don the dress again.

I walked out of the room barefoot, carrying my shoes and feeling the best I’d
felt in months. “You’re back already?” I read from a card Dell had written
when I was gone.

“Yes.”

“Is there anything wrong?” I asked, trying to sound genuinely concerned.

“Naw, just somethin’ with the brakes on my ca’.”

“Are they broken?” I struggled not to laugh.

“Oh, darlin’,” Dell said, his voice filled with laughter. “They’re simpl’a
fine. Just an overl’a concerned chauffeur, that’s all.”

We spent the rest of the evening taking turns carrying my shoes around and
reading off mostly pre-made cue cards. It was exhausting, which,
unfortunately, led to both of us falling asleep without officially
consummating our marriage.


* Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Four{{{1
# Chapter Twenty-Four

**I AWAKENED THE** next morning somewhere in the bowels of Dunston House.
Alone.

“Nice,” I said to the vacant room. I sat up and stretched and soon realized
that I was fully clothed, in my outfit from the night before. “I’m still
wearing this thing?” I muttered, shocked that the corset hadn’t gored me in my
sleep. I sat staring at the drool pool I had left on the scratchy, putrid
green, woven couch that had served as my bed for the night. I felt my face and
noticed that the couch pattern was also embedded in my right cheek. “Happy
me.”

The room was a stark white, including the cold linoleum floor beneath my feet.
My bugged shoes were gone, already relocated the night before, with the rest
of my clothing in one of the other rooms. I stood up and walked, barefoot, to
the mirror that hung on the wall opposite me. I stared into it for a moment,
hoping it was not a two-way.

Regardless, I pulled on my skin in an effort to smooth out the crisscross
pattern that not only covered my cheek but my forehead and ear as well.
“That’s it. I feel a divorce coming on already,” I said dryly to my
reflection.

Almost immediately, the door swung open, and the woman in the lab coat from
the previous night stood in the doorway. She stared at me, eyeing me up and
down for several seconds, before saying, “Good morning.”

My hand flew to cover the right side of my face as I tried to offer a smile in
reply.

“This way.” She gestured to the open doorway.

“Lovely.” I smiled as I walked through the opening and was greeted by an even
brighter hallway that glowed with its artificial brilliance. “Do you have a
dimmer for these things?” I asked, squinting.

My attempt at conversation was ignored as the woman quickly escorted me to
another room and gestured to the table and chairs it contained.

“Please be seated. Someone will be with you shortly.” She was gone before I
could reply.

I looked around the room and wished I had been issued sunglasses. “I didn’t
think hell would be white.” I pulled two of the cushion-less chairs together
and rested my legs on one while reclining on the other. “I really need to get
the name of your decorator!” I smiled up at the ceiling and the camera it
contained.

After several minutes in that position, I felt a crook in my neck developing
and was forced to sit up. “Why do people say ‘shortly,’ when they don’t mean
it?” I asked my camera friend. “Hello? Anyone?”

Several minutes passed before I stood and tried the door. It was locked. “I’m
starving, and I need the restroom,” I cried, knocking on the door. “And would
a shower be out of the question?” Then, I frantically wiggled the door latch.

Click.

The door swung open, and the woman from earlier stood in the doorway,
pointing. “Down the hall and to the right.”

Within the first two steps inside the ladies’ room, something it contained
made me forget every inconvenience the morning had brought. “A real toilet!”
__ I ran toward it, like a reunion with an old friend, then smiled down at its
porcelain beauty. “Oh, how I’ve missed you!” I was near tears as I reached for
a liner and placed it on the seat, saying, “Nice hat.” The spool on the wall
captured my attention next. “Two-ply,” I whispered, winding a mitt of toilet
paper around one hand and rubbing it on my patterned cheek. “I guess I was
wrong. This isn’t hell after all.” Then, I proceeded to sit on my old friend
for longer than was necessary.

Sadly, I was interrupted far too soon by the sound of a knock on the bathroom
door.

“Yes?” I said, slightly irritated.

A voice came from the other side of the door. “I have the things for your
shower.”

“A shower? Perfect!” I quickly finished and washed my hands as the automatic
flusher made a deafening noise behind me.

A different woman was standing outside the bathroom door holding one of my
dresses from the trunk, along with a towel and an unfamiliar pair of shoes.

“Thank you,” I said, reaching for the stack.

“I’ll carry it, ma’am,” she said. “Right this way.”

I followed her down the hall and into a dorm-like shower room, where she hung
the dress and towel on hooks, then started one of the showers for me. “Allow
me to assist you,” she said.

It didn’t take much coaxing for me to turn around, so she could help remove my
dress and corset.

“Soap and shampoo are in the stall.” She smiled when she was finished. “I’ll
be right outside if you need me.”

“What’s your name?”

“Sorry. I can’t say, but I’ll be right here.” She gestured to the hallway and
quickly exited.

“Can’t? Won’t? Who cares? I get to take a shower,” I muttered. I stepped into
the stall and just stood underneath the faucet, lost in the moment as the warm
water flowed around me, and the steam filled my sinuses. _I hope they have a
huge water heater!_ After what seemed almost an hour, I finally washed my hair
and scrubbed my body.

“Excuse me, ma’am,” my unnamed assistant said over the stall door.

“Yes?”

“Mr., uh…I mean, your husband is waiting for you.”

I didn’t really care; after all, he wasn’t exactly my favorite person at that
moment. __ “Okay, thank you,” I said and tipped my head back once more to let
the warm water run over me. As far as I was concerned, he could wait until I
was good and ready.

A few minutes later, with the shower complete, my hair dried and piled atop my
head, and my outfit laced and buttoned around me, I felt like a new woman,
ready to take on the man who let me spend my wedding night alone on a scratchy
couch in a basement, without as much as a pillow or blanket. _Good thing that
shower helped remove the couch-pattern from my face!_ I fumed as I accompanied
my assistant back to the room with the table and chairs.

But my anger completely disappeared when we entered the room, and I saw Dell
standing there, holding the back of a chair-for support.

“Oh my God!” I held my hand to my mouth. The bruises and bandaged cuts that
covered almost every inch of exposed skin on Dell’s body made me want to cry.
I slowly walked closer to him. “What happened?”

“The accident.”

“You mean…” I hesitated. “It’s over?”

He nodded. “Yes, we’re dead.”

“But, I don’t understand,” I cried, horrified by both his words and
appearance. “I thought we were going to die on our honeymoon?”

“We did.”

“What?”

“We had an accident three weeks into it.”

I found a seat and plopped down. “I’m so confused!” I cupped my head in my
hands, ruining the hair style that my assistant had just created.

“I traveled three weeks into the future. We experienced brake failure on a
winding road in Italy,” Dell said.

“Were you driving? I mean, _really_ driving?”

“Part of the time.”

“But you could have died!”

“Yes, but I didn’t.”

“But you _could_ have!”

“I didn’t, sweetheart.” He moved next to me. “Ow!”

I looked up as he tried to ease himself into a chair. “Did you jump out of the
car?” I asked, reaching for his bandaged hand.

“Yes.”

“Dell!”

“I know, I know.” He tried to smile. “But someone needed to drive the thing.”

“Did it _have_ to be you?”

He just nodded.

“Where was I, supposedly, during all this?”

“In the passenger seat, of course.” His attempt at humor failed. I just stared
as he added, “One of your deceased European cousins volunteered for the job.”

“Huh?”

“She died in an accident in 1754. I doubt she’ll be missed.”

“Wait…” I said, shocked and still not fully grasping what he was telling me.
“Are you saying that you pulled her out of history and put her dead body in
the car?”

“We needed a DNA match, just in case.”

“And _your_ match? Another you possibly?” I couldn’t help but be sarcastic.

“No,” he said, trying to chuckle, “but it was a deceased relative. The car
burst into flames and fell into the ocean. There was nothing to bury.”

I shuddered. “Ick.”

“You asked.” He smiled.

“I did, didn’t I?” I smiled back. “Now what?”

“We hide in history, just as we planned.”

“Where? Or should I say…when?”

“They’ll have an answer to that soon. Meanwhile, I suppose my wife is
expecting a honeymoon.”

“Yes she is, but you don’t exactly look fit to join me.” I grinned, patting
his hand. “Maybe Shane should step in.”

“So funny, ha-ha,” he said, trying to turn his head in my direction.

“Well, it wouldn’t exactly be cheating.”

“Em, if my side wasn’t already split, that last one would have done the
trick.” He offered a weak smile. “The honeymoon will have to wait a bit
longer, I’m afraid.”

“Can I kiss you at least?”

“Gently.” He tried to lean toward me.

I gave him the softest kiss I could, but even that sent him into spasms of
pain. “I’m so sorry, Dell.” I also felt guilty for being upset with him
earlier.

The door swung open and an orderly came in pushing a wheel chair.

Dell looked at the chair, then at me. “I have to go.”

“I’m going with you.”

“Sorry, Em. You can’t. I must go to the future.”

“But—”

The orderly helped him into the wheel chair. “You’ll be fine, sweetheart.
They’ll take you to a safe house, where you can wait for me.”

“No!” I cried, then knelt at his side. “You said you’d never leave me!”

He touched my face. “It’s the last thing I want to do, but I have to recover.”

I wanted to argue, but my words were a lost priority behind his many wounds.
Plus, right on cue, one of Maude’s wise sayings entered my thoughts and put it
all into perspective: _“It’s difficult for a broken man to keep a whole
promise.”_ I looked at him and finally asked, “It’s serious, isn’t it?”

“Yes, but they can help me.”

Then another thought crossed my mind. “Why didn’t you just come back to me
after you recovered? Is there a chance that you won’t—”

“Sweetheart, there might be complications.”

I wanted to die but knew that my meltdown would only add to his pain. “Thank
you for coming here first,” I said, trying to smile.

“I love you,” he whispered.

“I love you too.” Tears filled my eyes as the orderly wheeled him away. I felt
paralyzed, almost glued to the floor as they disappeared through a set of
swinging doors.

“Ma’am?” My assistant touched me on the shoulder.

I stood and turned toward her, with tears streaming down my face.

“It’s time,” she said, then led me into the hall.

“Will my things be sent as well?”

“No, ma’am. Based on our research, we have learned that Lord Winston will
request your clothes and trunks be returned to Winston Manor following your
funeral, bugs and all, with the exception of the dress you are wearing.”

I looked down at my outfit, then back at my assistant.

“It’s the dress you were wearing when…in your accident, ma’am.”

_The same accident that nearly killed Dell!_ I was horrified. “Why am I
wearing it? It should be destroyed!”

“Mr. Beringer chose it for you. It’s his favorite.”

Fresh tears sprang to my eyes and found their way halfway down my face before
I even knew they arrived. I was a mess. At that moment, I also realized I was
alone. _I may never see Mom again, and who knows when or if I’ll see Dell.
Great choice, Em. Way to go!_

My tearful reaction appeared to make my assistant nervous. First, she dropped
her pen, followed by the clipboard she was holding. As both clattered to the
floor, she quickly bent to pick them up. “Uh, ma’am, it’s all right. I’m sure
Mr. Beringer will be right as rain before you know it.”

Her words reminded me of Maude, and I instantly panicked. “I forgot! I have a
small suitcase I brought from home. My mother gave it to me, and I will not
leave without it.”

“I’ll see what I can do.” She seemed grateful for the excuse to depart and
nearly ran in the opposite direction, leaving me standing in the hallway.

I dried my eyes, then paced the entire length of the corridor in her absence,
trying not to panic further over my suitcase and the journal it contained.

“Is this the one, ma’am?” She returned holding my Maude suitcase.

“Yes. Oh, thank you so much!”

“We were able to replicate it so that the copy can be returned with your other
things.”

“And you’re sure this is the original?”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“May I?” I asked, holding out my hand.

“Certainly,” she said and gave me the case.

I carried it into the room and examined the exterior before placing it on the
large table. It appeared to have all the correct markings. The interior was
also as I left it, seemingly empty. Similar to my examination of its hidden
contents in the presence of Mr. Wilson, I ran my fingers along the lining of
the case, trying to discreetly lift the latch and feel for the Maude journal,
without drawing suspicion from the watchful eye of my assistant. I soon felt
its familiar cover. _It’s there!_

“Everything all right?” she asked from the doorway.

“Yes, I wanted to be sure this didn’t get mixed up with the fake.”

She stood expressionless in the threshold, looking insulted.

Regardless, I walked past her, into the hall, with a death grip on my case.

A large door at the end of the hallway led back into the warehouse space,
where I’d first arrived, full of the lab coat-clad staff who worked in the
white, windowed rooms. The open space was dimly lit and absolutely quiet, but
it cast enough light for me to recognize my trunks of clothes as I walked past
them.

Mr. Cue Card Guy approached me, carrying a sign that read, “Complete silence!”
in gigantic, bold letters. He held it up less than a foot from my face, as if
I couldn’t see it from across the room.

I nodded, hoping that would satisfy him enough to make him go away. I was in
luck.

He nodded in return and walked back toward the others.

Annoying little man!

As my eyes adjusted to the lack of light, I was drawn to something in the
center of the room that was almost glowing from beneath a single overhead
light. _It can’t be!_ I squinted as I walked closer.

Within a few feet, I stopped mid-step. _It is…and it’s my ride!_ I inhaled,
trying not to suck all the oxygen from the room as my hand flew to my mouth to
stifle any sound that might have normally left my lips. _“A Rolls-Royce Silver
Ghost!”_ I mouthed in amazement.

The gleaming object before me was one of the most beautiful cars I had ever
seen. Its sleek black frame radiated an energy that made it seem alive. It was
like a magnet, drawing me closer with every breath.

I couldn’t fight the attraction, but as I slowly neared the magnificent
machine, I felt almost afraid to be in its presence. _I’m not worthy!_ I
remembered Dr. Moore caressing his laminated photos of cars from that era,
forever talking about how rare each one was, especially the Ghost, as he
called it. Now I knew why.

Within a few yards of the passenger side, I was unable to move. I could only
stare at the shiny beauty. I hadn’t felt that way about a car since I first
encountered Gerd’s.

It came complete with a chauffeur, who was already sitting in the driver’s
seat, smiling at me. My assistant led me the rest of the way to the car and
opened the back door for me.

I nodded, and she did the same, as I loaded myself and my suitcase into the
back seat.

Before very quietly closing the door, Cue Card Guy approached me again,
carrying a small cup with “Drink this” written on the side.

I just looked at him.

He rolled his eyes impatiently, then looked down at the cup as he held it out
to me again.

_It makes sense, I suppose_. I took the cup and drank its contents in one
gulp. _I have, after all, fallen into the rabbit hole. But you really should
have written, “Drink me,” Tweedle-dumb._ I gave him back the cup and made
myself comfortable in my seat. _Is it supposed to make me small or tall?_ The
answer eluded me as the world began to spin around me, then went black.

* * *

Groggy and a bit disoriented, I found myself in a huge canopy bed on an
overstuffed mattress that would have given The Beast a run for the money. The
walls of the gigantic room were devoid of any form of wallpaper, and the
furniture was from so many periods that it was difficult to decide which one I
was currently visiting. It was similar to a roulette wheel of furniture. I
climbed down from the monster bed and ran my fingers along the fabric of a
chaise lounge that sat in an alcove near the curtained window.

I pulled back the curtain and opened the French doors that led me onto a
balcony. A massive lawn spanned in all directions in front of and beside my
second-story view, then met an abrupt, rocky end as it seemed to simply
disappear. The sun was coming up, which allowed me to see miles of ocean
beyond the edge of the lawn. The cold, salty air reminded me just how much I
missed home and Nana Rosie and Papa Bob’s beach house in Seaside, where I
spent my summers.

A loud crashing noise behind me brought my attention back to the house and my
room. A small girl was there, kneeling on the floor, trying to return several
broken chunks of coal to an overturned bucket that rested next to her.

“Good morning,” I said carefully, with a smile.

“Uh, morning miss, uh…ma’am, er, I mean Lady Milton. I didn’t expect you to be
awake so early,” she said in a thick British accent. She stood and curtseyed,
then looked down at the mess she’d made.

“No matter. What’s your name?” _Apparently, mine is Lady Milton._

“Oh, uh, sorry, milady.” She tried to brush the coal from her hands onto her
apron. “I’m Eliza, the new housemaid.”

“Well, I’m pleased to meet you, Eliza. I wish to get an early start on my
correspondence today, but I seem to have forgotten the date. Do you happen to
know it?”

“Yes, milady.” She smiled, sheepishly, as if surprised and grateful I wasn’t
intent on scolding her for her clumsiness. “It is the twelfth of June.”

“Thank you. I have a friend whose birthday is coming up, and I don’t want to
miss it,” I said, hoping my fib wasn’t obvious.

“Very thoughtful of you, milady, I just celebrated mine last month.”

“Oh, how nice! What year were you born?”

“In 1892.”

“Well, happy belated birthday then, Eliza.” I smiled. “So you are how old
now?”

“Oh, sixteen, milady.”

“Quite right! You are sixteen indeed, a very good age to be in service,” I
continued, smiling. “I’m sorry. I don’t mean to keep you from your work.”

“Thank you, milady.” She knelt again to sweep her mess into the bucket.

_June 12, 1908? Great. I went back in time—to corsets,_ I lamented to myself.

I walked over to my closet and noticed that it was loaded with fabric-filled
dresses and button-clad shoes, several of which were resting on the Maude
suitcase. _Well, that’s one good thing. At least my journal’s safe._ Relieved,
__ I closed the door and noticed Eliza now standing, holding the bucket.

“Would you like me to fetch Goodwin for you?” she asked.

“Goodwin?”

“Your ladies’ maid, milady.”

Oh, not right now, Eliza, but thank you.” I needed time to think and begin to
digest my new predicament.

After she left, I spent the next few hours filling the pages of my Maude
journal with the events surrounding and including my wedding.

“I think I might lose a limb,” I muttered, rubbing my right hand as I finally
covered my ink well and stowed my journal and its case back in the wardrobe.

* * *

From that day forward, with no idea how long it would be before Dell arrived
or if he would, I tried to spend most of my free time writing in my journal.
Fortunately, it only took a few days to update it. Unfortunately, a whole
month passed before I had anything new to report, and I was going out of my
mind with both worry and boredom.

“Milady?” The butler said, in a much more refined version of Eliza’s accent.
He met me as I returned to the house from a morning stroll along the great
lawn that overlooked the ocean.

“Yes, Stevens?”

“Lord Milton just arrived and is waiting in the library.”

Stunned, I gave no reply, causing him to repeat his announcement. When he
reached the word “arrived,” I stopped him.

“Thank you, Stevens. I heard you. I’m just surprised.”

“As are we all.” He offered a slight bow, then walked away in his usual proper
fashion.

I entered the library and saw Dell standing with his back to the door, looking
out at the lawn where I had just been walking. “Why didn’t you go outside?” I
asked, stepping toward him.

As he slowly turned around, I noticed that his hair was longer than before,
and the color was much lighter than it should have been. When our eyes met, I
knew that something was terribly wrong. I stopped, unable to walk any closer,
and stared at him in disbelief. “Shane?”

“Em!” He smiled at me.

“What are you doing here? Where’s Dell?”

He walked past me to the door and closed it, then returned without once
removing his eyes from mine.

“What’s going on?” I asked

“He’s fine, Emily.”

“Then why are _you_ here?”

“Gee, it’s nice to see you too!”

“If this is a joke, I don’t find any of it the least bit funny,” I said,
trying not to raise my voice. “Please, Shane, where is Dell, and why am I
here?”

“There have been some complications with your placement, so they sent you to
the company’s original manor house for your safety.”

“Where am I exactly?”

He just stared at me.

“No newspapers, nothing, and we must be miles from civilization. Who knows? I
can’t get anything out of anyone here.”

“Good. They’re doing their jobs well then,” he said, suddenly serious.

“I want to see Dell.”

“That’s precisely why I’m here. Can you be ready in an hour?”

“I’m ready now. In fact, I’ve been ready for a month!”

“Very good. Your maid has your clothes. Go put them on, and I’ll meet you down
here as soon as you’re dressed,” he said, still keeping his eyes on mine.

I stood on my tiptoes to kiss him on the cheek. “Thank you, Shane.”

He just smiled as I left the room.

I almost ran to my bedroom and nearly scared Goodwin to death with my
enthusiasm as I flung the door open.

“Oh!” She screamed and lost her grip on the dress she was holding.

“I’m sorry, Goodwin. I didn’t mean to frighten you.”

“Quite all right, milady.” She retrieved the dress from the floor and held it
up in front of her.

“The 1920s?” I asked, noticing the drop waist and high hemline.

“Yes,” she said, not hiding anything.

I was unable to believe my eyes. “No corset?”

“No, milady.”

I could have fallen to my knees on the spot if I had more than an hour to be
grateful, but I chose to hug Goodwin instead.

“You’ll wrinkle the gown, milady!” she said, stifling a giggle.

“Of course.”

I stepped back from the dress to get a better look. It was a soft peach
taffeta with tiny vertical beads sewn in flower patterns along the front. The
drop waist had a band of fabric, finished with a broach-like bead, sewn on the
right side. A matching beaded purse lay on the dressing table for me to admire
as Goodwin worked on my hair. Styling my hair properly took longer than I
thought, but I finally returned to the library in just under an hour, with my
Maude suitcase firmly gripped in my hand.

Shane smiled as I entered the room. “You look beautiful.”

“Thank you,” I said, looking down at my dress.

A noticeably sad look came over his face. “Dell is a lucky man.”

“What’s wrong?” I asked.

“Oh, I just wish—”

“Wish what?”

“Never mind. Come now. We don’t want to be late.”

He led me down the hall to a closet-like door that opened to an elevator door.
He pushed the button, and within seconds, the door opened. Once inside, Shane
punched a code into the pad on the wall and pressed the G button. We instantly
plummeted at a far higher rate of speed than I expected. I reached for
something to hold on to and found Shane’s outstretched hand.

He held my hand until the elevator finally came to a stop. “All right?” he
asked.

“Yes, thank you.” I smiled and took a few deep breaths to regain my balance,
before leaving the elevator.

We walked toward a set of large double-doors and another key pad. My new
surroundings reminded me of the basement of Winston Manor.

The corridor beyond held a newer Rolls-Royce than the last one, a black 1920
Silver Ghost limousine. It was just as impressive and came complete with the
same smiling chauffeur. Unfortunately, on that occasion, I didn’t have time to
drool.

“This is where I leave you,” Shane said.

“Where are you going?”

“Back to my time.”

“Thank you, Shane.” I put my case down to give him a hug.

“Be good to me,” he whispered in my ear.

“I will,” I whispered in reply, then kissed him on the cheek. “Earlier, you
said you have a wish. What is it?”

He flashed his crooked smile. “Just that I could be ten years older.”

I smiled, too, reaching down to pick up my suitcase. I walked over to the car
and entered through the door the chauffeur was holding open for me. I turned
to wave at Shane, but he was already gone.

_Great. Yet another one who’s not good with goodbyes_. With my thoughts to
keep me company, I took my seat in the back of the car.


* Epilogue
Epilogue{{{1
# Epilogue

**I STOOD IN** front of the large oak tree Maude had described to me a million
times before. It was much smaller than I had previously envisioned; then
again, she was remembering a tree from her youth.

“You must have looked enormous to such a small girl,” I said, smiling at the
arbor.

Maude’s family moved into the house shaded by that tree in July of 1920, when
she was just ten. Maude climbed that tree every day as a young girl, telling
it her most intimate secrets as she sat among its branches. It was the very
tree she used to dig around in search of buried treasure, and it was the tree
under which I would bury my Maude journal.

The note I attached to the front of the journal was the last thing I added
before wrapping it in oil cloth and placing it in a cookie tin, within a hole
I had just dug next to the trunk.

TOP SECRET

Friday, May 7, 1920

Dear Elizabeth,

This is a journal for your eyes only!

You don’t know me, but you will. I’m Emily; your great-grandniece. I addressed
this journal to you because you are the only one I trust. I know you love
secrets, and this is one of the biggest ones you will ever be asked to keep.
Guard this book with your life…and trust no one with its contents.

You will have a wonderful life, filled with many adventures. Most of all, you
will be greatly loved, especially by me. Thank you for taking care of my
journal and for being the amazing person you are.

Love,

Emily

P.S. _You changed your name to Maude. No one knows why, but that is what you
wanted to be called._

P.P.S. _Someday, when you’re very old, please write my mom a letter for her to
open on January 15, 2013, telling her I am fine and that I love her. Please
also let her know where she can find the journal. When the time comes, you’ll
know what to do._


* A Sneak Peek of For the Love of Maude
A Sneak Peek of For the Love of Maude{{{1
# A Sneak Peek of For the Love of Maude

Prologue

**THE BLANK PAPER** begged to be covered in words, but the more I stared at
its nakedness, the more it teased me, reminding me of my lack of focus. I
wanted to crumple it and remove the challenge of filling its space. A paper
shredder came to mind, a pair of scissors, a match; but I was alone in a white
room, filled with only a metal desk, gray office chair on wheels, and _the
paper_.

I opened the solitary drawer, extending across the front of the desk, and
found among its contents a pen and pencil, a gum eraser, an ink well, a
fountain pen, and a blotter—modern and antique side by side, just like my
life.

I scooped out the contents of the drawer and deposited them in a pile on the
desk.

In need of inspiration, I separated the pencil from the other objects and
placed it on the paper. It was orange, sharpened to a fine point and lacking
the teeth marks my collection of pencils was known for in college. Unsanitary,
but it guaranteed that no one would want to borrow one and forget to return
it. I graduated with all my pencils intact—a small victory for a girl who lost
everything else.

I ran my fingers across the paper, wishing the words would just appear, the
ones that would tell my story from the beginning. Unfortunately, I’d forgotten
where that was. I was lost somewhere in the middle, flailing around while
everyone else went on with their lives.

I moved on to the tortoise-shell green fountain pen with a slight chip on the
tip. “It needs a new nib.” I closed my eyes and shook my head. “I shouldn’t
even know what that means—no one born in 1990 should.” With a quick swipe, I
relocated the pencil and fountain pen, along with the ink bottle, blotter, and
gum eraser into the drawer and slammed it closed.

A blue ballpoint pen remained next to the paper, on the right, as if it knew
which hand would reach for it. I did its bidding, grabbing the thing and
giving the end a quick _click_ to reveal the tip.

I hadn’t written a word since I buried the journal. Addressed to my
grandmother’s deceased aunt, Maude, whose friendship, wisdom, and
understanding I sought even after she died, the journal had become my lifeline
to the world I left behind. Now I was alone among strangers—no Maude journal,
no family, no husband, just scientists who treated me as more of a specimen
than a human being.

It was the first opportunity I had in months to be without an audience and
think—to do something, anything, with a blank piece of paper. So, after a deep
breath, I finally touched the pen to paper and began to write:

Dear Maude,

I miss you every day. I’m sorry I haven’t written in a while. I can’t—not
because I lack writing supplies, but because putting my words on paper makes
the last two years real. Then I’d have to admit that I’m a time traveler.

I also ask myself every day why I accepted that stupid scholarship from
Evergreen Research Corporation in New York, and their job after graduation
that threw me into this position. I’m still waiting for an answer. I should be
the envy of my college classmates, who are probably stuck in cubicles, knowing
a window office is the best they’ll ever achieve. After all, not everyone can
say they graduated in 2012, worked in 1910, and then lived in so many other
years that they lost track. Even if I could say these things—and so much
more—I wouldn’t. Some secrets are best left hidden—or written in journals like
the one I hope you found by now, buried beneath the oak tree you often
described as your favorite childhood treasure-hunting spot. Besides, the world
isn’t ready to discover just how manipulated history could be if Evergreen has
its way.

Of course, even after I joined Evergreen, I could have smiled and nodded and
gathered information for four years, then gone home to Oregon like it never
happened, just as Evergreen wanted. But no. I had to meet Dell with Holtz &
Sons (H&S)—the good guys, the ones who have been doing it longer, the ones who
allow history to simply happen.

Worse, I did what I always promised myself I wouldn’t do—I gave up my future
to be with a guy, just as Mom did and Nana Rosie before her. Unlike them,
though, I didn’t get pregnant. How could I? Dell and I never consummated. This
is ironic, considering our son and his descendants are the “S” in H&S.

I’m so confused! With time travel, nothing is linear, especially time itself.
Not only that, but Holtz & Sons’ brilliant plan to fake my death and Dell’s,
then hide in history backfired…

The pen fell from my hand before I even realized I dropped it. Unable to write
another word, I pushed the paper away and rested my folded arms in its place,
then scooted the chair backward with my feet until my forehead met my wrist. I
closed my eyes and shook my head.

“You’re sure in a pickle this time, Toots!” Maude’s wise sayings had a funny
way of finding their way into my head and making sense of stressful
situations.

My own reply bounced up to my ears from the surface of the desk. “Yeah, a big
barrel of them.”

I took a deep breath and left the comfort of my arms to once again stare at
the paper. I pulled it to me, then brought the pen to join it:

If Evergreen hadn’t wanted to keep me single by killing Dell, we wouldn’t have
had to fake our deaths in the first place! Then Dell wouldn’t have gotten so
hurt that he needed the technology of 2125 to recover.

I can’t get that image out of my head, Maude. He was wrapped up in more
bandages than a mummy, and what wasn’t covered was bruised or bloody or both.

I looked at the pen, wishing the words that came from it would somehow create
a better picture of Dell in my mind. Sadly, it just balanced between my
fingers, blue and unmoving until I started to write again:

I didn’t think he’d be gone this long—maybe a week or so, but months? I should
have demanded to go with him! He said I wasn’t ready for the future, but I’m
not ready for this either. We should be hiding in history together,
honeymooning in various eras, while remaining dead in the eyes of Evergreen.
Avoiding their discovery and whatever wrath they might impose upon me—their
once most important asset—should be my only concern. Yet, here I am alone,
stuck in the past under Holtz & Sons’ protection, constantly shuffled between
safe houses in time frames that run together like spumoni on a summer day.
What little they tell me, seems to be a bunch of lies. They keep promising a
reunion with Dell, only to disappoint me each time.

I’m in the basement laboratory of one of their safe houses now, and it’s
almost time to leave for my next one. I’d better stop. I’ll write more later.

Love,

Emily

I placed the pen on the desk, stretched my arms high above my head, then rose
and walked to the door. I turned the knob and pulled it toward me.

Before I could even step a foot across the threshold, I was greeted by a
middle-aged woman, dressed in a standard white lab coat that covered her black
slacks. Most of the basement employees were from the future, but their
uniforms gave nothing away. Her graying brown hair was short and grazed the
bottom of her ear lobes, offering her otherwise bland appearance its only
trace of personality. “Yes, miss?” she asked.

“Hello, I was just wondering, _when_ am I?” That was my favorite question, a
little time travel humor.

The woman just stared.

“I’m sorry,” I said. “I didn’t catch your name.” I knew I wouldn’t either.

With Evergreen’s technology improving by the day, H&S security was high, and
my name and location changed like the wind. The personal side of things—names,
smiles, and small talk—were often lost in the shuffle. Only high-level H&S
employees were privy to my real name, and as an extra security measure, I
often didn’t learn theirs.

I smiled at her silence and asked my real question: “I don’t suppose we’ll be
leaving any time soon?”

“Yes. As a matter of fact, I was asked to fetch you in five minutes.”

_Fetch? What am I, a stick?_ I smiled and kept my comments to myself. “Isn’t
that great news? I’ll be right out.”

I closed the door and stood against it, staring at the desk and the letter it
held. _What was I thinking? I buried my journal and its secrets for a reason,
to keep it safe. I don’t need to defeat that purpose. Besides, if Maude found
the journal as a child, she’d have lived the rest of her life knowing most of
this already._

I walked to the letter, folded it up tight, and placed it into my jeans
pocket. When I left the room, I found the same employee standing just outside.
“I need to use the restroom before we depart,” I said.

She walked with me to the ladies’ room and waited outside as I promptly tore
the letter into small pieces and flushed them down the toilet.


* About the Author
About the Author{{{1
# About the Author

![Image](images/image4.png)

**DENISE LIEBIG** is the author of _Dear Maude_ , _For the Love of Maude_ ,
and _Forever Maude_ , the books of the _Dear Maude Trilogy_. A true fan of
historical fiction, she spends her free time researching historical events and
writing about the possibilities. Denise also enjoys spending time with her
husband and three kids at home in Nevada.

[VISIT HER WEBSITE](http://www.deniseliebig.com)

Connect with Denise:

[TWITTER](https://www.twitter.com/DeniseWithWords)│[FACEBOOK](https://www.facebook.com/AuthorDeniseLiebig)│[LINKED
IN](http://www.linkedin.com/in/AuthorDeniseLiebig)


* Acknowledgments
Acknowledgments{{{1
# Acknowledgments

**THANK YOU TO** my wonderful first editor and good friend, Rocky; without his
help and encouragement, _Dear Maude_ might have just faded away into the
history surrounding it. I’m also grateful to Laurence O’Bryan, for helping to
thicken my skin and cut a few chapters in the process; to Autumn Conley and
Delen Goldberg, for working with my words; and those at The Book Khaleesi, for
making it all look good.

And to my family, friends, and fans of my work, whose encouragement means so
much to me…

**THANK YOU** **!**


