* GETTING STARTED
GETTING STARTED{{{1
Getting Started  
  
Welcome to Smashwords!

Welcome. If you’re not familiar with Smashwords, a quick introduction is in
order.

I founded Smashwords in 2008 to makes it fast, free and easy for every writer
to professionally publish and distribute an ebook.

Today, Smashwords is the world’s largest distributor of ebooks for self-
published authors and small independent presses. We deliver books to major
ebook retailers including Apple iBooks, Barnes & Noble, Scribd, Oyster and
Kobo. In 2013, Smashwords authors sold over $30 million worth of books at
retail. Every year, our books touch millions of readers thanks to our ever-
growing global retail and library distribution network.

We give you the tools to publish with pride and professionalism.

This Smashwords Style Guide is one such tool. In the last six years, this
guide has helped over 100,000 authors and publishers around the world release
over 300,000 high-quality ebooks through Smashwords.

Don’t be intimidated by the length of this guide. It has a lot of pictures.

The Style Guide is written for non-technical readers. No prior experience is
assumed or required. I present simple, step-by-step instructions to help you
produce a professional-quality ebook that meets the requirements of major
ebook retailers. All you need is a word processor, preferably Microsoft Word,
and the patience to follow step-by-step.

Like everything in life, ebook formatting is easy once you know how. I’ll show
you how.

Smashwords accepts manuscripts in two forms, either as a Microsoft Word .doc
file or as an .epub. Here’s how to choose the best option:

  1. **Word .doc** \- We recommend the Microsoft Word path as the best option for most fiction and narrative non-fiction authors because it’s the easiest method to produce high-quality ebooks that are readable on any e-reading device. It will also generate your ebook in multiple ebook formats at the Smashwords store, making your book readable on any e-reading device. By using Microsoft Word, it’s also easy to modify your book at any time.

  2. **Direct .epub upload** – In 2012, we introduced a new upload option we call _Smashwords Direct_ which allows authors and publishers to upload professionally designed .epub files. The Smashwords Direct option accommodates authors and publishers that don’t use Microsoft Word in their publishing workflow, or those with complex books that require more sophisticated formatting and layout than is possible with Microsoft Word. Learn more about Smashwords Direct in this blog post - [ http://blog.smashwords.com/2012/12/smashwords-supports-epub-uploads-with.html](http://blog.smashwords.com/2012/12/smashwords-supports-epub-uploads-with.html) or on our Smashwords Direct help page at <https://www.smashwords.com/swdirect>

Books formatted to the Smashwords Style Guide earn inclusion in the
[Smashwords Premium Catalog](http://smashwords.com/distribution), which is the
collection of books Smashwords distributes to major ebook retailers such as
the Apple iBooks store (51 countries), Barnes & Noble, Kobo, Flipkart (India’s
largest online bookseller), Oyster, Scribd, OverDrive (sells ebooks to over
20,000 public libraries), Baker & Taylor (the Blio.com e-reading app and the
Axis360 platform for public libraries) and new retailers coming soon. Your
book will also be available as a multi-format ebook at our own fast-growing
Smashwords store at Smashwords.com, where customers can pay one price and
access your book in multiple formats such as .mobi for Kindle devices, PDF and
.epub for all other devices.

Over 90% of our authors’ sales come from our distribution network rather than
the Smashwords store. This is why you want your book accepted into the Premium
Catalog as quickly as possible. This Guide will show you how.

All you need to publish at Smashwords is a finished manuscript, a computer, an
Internet connection, Microsoft Word or similar word processor (or, a
professionally designed .epub file for the Smashwords Direct option), an ebook
cover image, and the time and patience to follow this Guide. Patience is key.
If you try to take short cuts and skip over the sections that follow, you’ll
frustrate yourself and delay distribution.

To learn some simple, time-saving keyboard tricks before you get started, see
the
[Appendix](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_064.html#ref_appendix)
at the end of this guide. If any terminology in this guide is confusing, check
out our comprehensive e-publishing glossary of terms in the Smashwords FAQ at
<https://www.smashwords.com/about/supportfaq#glossary>

**Do-It-Yourself, or Hire Help?** – If you don’t have the time, patience or
skills to properly format your book to Style Guide requirements, or you find
yourself cursing and swearing (never good!), consider hiring a fellow
Smashwords author to help you. I maintain a list called “Mark’s List” with the
names and contact information of several Smashwords authors who have
volunteered to provide low-cost Smashwords Style Guide formatting services for
around $40 and up. The list also includes low-cost cover designers ($40-$150).
We offer the list as a public service. We don’t earn a referral fee if you
hire these freelancers. If you want a referral, you’ll find the list at
<http://smashwords.com/list>. Please note: you’re hiring the freelancer, not
Smashwords. By hiring them you will not receive preferential customer support
or fast-tracked approval. However, because they’re Smashwords formatting
experts, they’ll give you a clean file that will usually earn you Premium
Catalog approval on the first attempt.

**Formatting Example**

**Formatting template** – Here’s a link to a Smashwords template file, for use
with fiction and narrative non-fiction ebooks.
<http://bit.ly/SWebooktemplateV1> Once you click to the link, you can click
“Download” to open the file in Microsoft Word and save it to your local
computer.

The template above is somewhat unusual in that it contains extensive
instructions. Consider it a companion resource to the Smashwords Style Guide.
It’s not a substitute for the Smashwords Style Guide.

In future updates to the Smashwords Style Guide I’ll add more links as we
build out a library of example files.


* Do-it-yourself, or hire help?
Do-it-yourself, or hire help?{{{1
Getting Started  
  
Welcome to Smashwords!

Welcome. If you’re not familiar with Smashwords, a quick introduction is in
order.

I founded Smashwords in 2008 to makes it fast, free and easy for every writer
to professionally publish and distribute an ebook.

Today, Smashwords is the world’s largest distributor of ebooks for self-
published authors and small independent presses. We deliver books to major
ebook retailers including Apple iBooks, Barnes & Noble, Scribd, Oyster and
Kobo. In 2013, Smashwords authors sold over $30 million worth of books at
retail. Every year, our books touch millions of readers thanks to our ever-
growing global retail and library distribution network.

We give you the tools to publish with pride and professionalism.

This Smashwords Style Guide is one such tool. In the last six years, this
guide has helped over 100,000 authors and publishers around the world release
over 300,000 high-quality ebooks through Smashwords.

Don’t be intimidated by the length of this guide. It has a lot of pictures.

The Style Guide is written for non-technical readers. No prior experience is
assumed or required. I present simple, step-by-step instructions to help you
produce a professional-quality ebook that meets the requirements of major
ebook retailers. All you need is a word processor, preferably Microsoft Word,
and the patience to follow step-by-step.

Like everything in life, ebook formatting is easy once you know how. I’ll show
you how.

Smashwords accepts manuscripts in two forms, either as a Microsoft Word .doc
file or as an .epub. Here’s how to choose the best option:

  1. **Word .doc** \- We recommend the Microsoft Word path as the best option for most fiction and narrative non-fiction authors because it’s the easiest method to produce high-quality ebooks that are readable on any e-reading device. It will also generate your ebook in multiple ebook formats at the Smashwords store, making your book readable on any e-reading device. By using Microsoft Word, it’s also easy to modify your book at any time.

  2. **Direct .epub upload** – In 2012, we introduced a new upload option we call _Smashwords Direct_ which allows authors and publishers to upload professionally designed .epub files. The Smashwords Direct option accommodates authors and publishers that don’t use Microsoft Word in their publishing workflow, or those with complex books that require more sophisticated formatting and layout than is possible with Microsoft Word. Learn more about Smashwords Direct in this blog post - [ http://blog.smashwords.com/2012/12/smashwords-supports-epub-uploads-with.html](http://blog.smashwords.com/2012/12/smashwords-supports-epub-uploads-with.html) or on our Smashwords Direct help page at <https://www.smashwords.com/swdirect>

Books formatted to the Smashwords Style Guide earn inclusion in the
[Smashwords Premium Catalog](http://smashwords.com/distribution), which is the
collection of books Smashwords distributes to major ebook retailers such as
the Apple iBooks store (51 countries), Barnes & Noble, Kobo, Flipkart (India’s
largest online bookseller), Oyster, Scribd, OverDrive (sells ebooks to over
20,000 public libraries), Baker & Taylor (the Blio.com e-reading app and the
Axis360 platform for public libraries) and new retailers coming soon. Your
book will also be available as a multi-format ebook at our own fast-growing
Smashwords store at Smashwords.com, where customers can pay one price and
access your book in multiple formats such as .mobi for Kindle devices, PDF and
.epub for all other devices.

Over 90% of our authors’ sales come from our distribution network rather than
the Smashwords store. This is why you want your book accepted into the Premium
Catalog as quickly as possible. This Guide will show you how.

All you need to publish at Smashwords is a finished manuscript, a computer, an
Internet connection, Microsoft Word or similar word processor (or, a
professionally designed .epub file for the Smashwords Direct option), an ebook
cover image, and the time and patience to follow this Guide. Patience is key.
If you try to take short cuts and skip over the sections that follow, you’ll
frustrate yourself and delay distribution.

To learn some simple, time-saving keyboard tricks before you get started, see
the
[Appendix](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_064.html#ref_appendix)
at the end of this guide. If any terminology in this guide is confusing, check
out our comprehensive e-publishing glossary of terms in the Smashwords FAQ at
<https://www.smashwords.com/about/supportfaq#glossary>

**Do-It-Yourself, or Hire Help?** – If you don’t have the time, patience or
skills to properly format your book to Style Guide requirements, or you find
yourself cursing and swearing (never good!), consider hiring a fellow
Smashwords author to help you. I maintain a list called “Mark’s List” with the
names and contact information of several Smashwords authors who have
volunteered to provide low-cost Smashwords Style Guide formatting services for
around $40 and up. The list also includes low-cost cover designers ($40-$150).
We offer the list as a public service. We don’t earn a referral fee if you
hire these freelancers. If you want a referral, you’ll find the list at
<http://smashwords.com/list>. Please note: you’re hiring the freelancer, not
Smashwords. By hiring them you will not receive preferential customer support
or fast-tracked approval. However, because they’re Smashwords formatting
experts, they’ll give you a clean file that will usually earn you Premium
Catalog approval on the first attempt.

**Formatting Example**

**Formatting template** – Here’s a link to a Smashwords template file, for use
with fiction and narrative non-fiction ebooks.
<http://bit.ly/SWebooktemplateV1> Once you click to the link, you can click
“Download” to open the file in Microsoft Word and save it to your local
computer.

The template above is somewhat unusual in that it contains extensive
instructions. Consider it a companion resource to the Smashwords Style Guide.
It’s not a substitute for the Smashwords Style Guide.

In future updates to the Smashwords Style Guide I’ll add more links as we
build out a library of example files.


* Good formatting example
Good formatting example{{{1
Getting Started  
  
Welcome to Smashwords!

Welcome. If you’re not familiar with Smashwords, a quick introduction is in
order.

I founded Smashwords in 2008 to makes it fast, free and easy for every writer
to professionally publish and distribute an ebook.

Today, Smashwords is the world’s largest distributor of ebooks for self-
published authors and small independent presses. We deliver books to major
ebook retailers including Apple iBooks, Barnes & Noble, Scribd, Oyster and
Kobo. In 2013, Smashwords authors sold over $30 million worth of books at
retail. Every year, our books touch millions of readers thanks to our ever-
growing global retail and library distribution network.

We give you the tools to publish with pride and professionalism.

This Smashwords Style Guide is one such tool. In the last six years, this
guide has helped over 100,000 authors and publishers around the world release
over 300,000 high-quality ebooks through Smashwords.

Don’t be intimidated by the length of this guide. It has a lot of pictures.

The Style Guide is written for non-technical readers. No prior experience is
assumed or required. I present simple, step-by-step instructions to help you
produce a professional-quality ebook that meets the requirements of major
ebook retailers. All you need is a word processor, preferably Microsoft Word,
and the patience to follow step-by-step.

Like everything in life, ebook formatting is easy once you know how. I’ll show
you how.

Smashwords accepts manuscripts in two forms, either as a Microsoft Word .doc
file or as an .epub. Here’s how to choose the best option:

  1. **Word .doc** \- We recommend the Microsoft Word path as the best option for most fiction and narrative non-fiction authors because it’s the easiest method to produce high-quality ebooks that are readable on any e-reading device. It will also generate your ebook in multiple ebook formats at the Smashwords store, making your book readable on any e-reading device. By using Microsoft Word, it’s also easy to modify your book at any time.

  2. **Direct .epub upload** – In 2012, we introduced a new upload option we call _Smashwords Direct_ which allows authors and publishers to upload professionally designed .epub files. The Smashwords Direct option accommodates authors and publishers that don’t use Microsoft Word in their publishing workflow, or those with complex books that require more sophisticated formatting and layout than is possible with Microsoft Word. Learn more about Smashwords Direct in this blog post - [ http://blog.smashwords.com/2012/12/smashwords-supports-epub-uploads-with.html](http://blog.smashwords.com/2012/12/smashwords-supports-epub-uploads-with.html) or on our Smashwords Direct help page at <https://www.smashwords.com/swdirect>

Books formatted to the Smashwords Style Guide earn inclusion in the
[Smashwords Premium Catalog](http://smashwords.com/distribution), which is the
collection of books Smashwords distributes to major ebook retailers such as
the Apple iBooks store (51 countries), Barnes & Noble, Kobo, Flipkart (India’s
largest online bookseller), Oyster, Scribd, OverDrive (sells ebooks to over
20,000 public libraries), Baker & Taylor (the Blio.com e-reading app and the
Axis360 platform for public libraries) and new retailers coming soon. Your
book will also be available as a multi-format ebook at our own fast-growing
Smashwords store at Smashwords.com, where customers can pay one price and
access your book in multiple formats such as .mobi for Kindle devices, PDF and
.epub for all other devices.

Over 90% of our authors’ sales come from our distribution network rather than
the Smashwords store. This is why you want your book accepted into the Premium
Catalog as quickly as possible. This Guide will show you how.

All you need to publish at Smashwords is a finished manuscript, a computer, an
Internet connection, Microsoft Word or similar word processor (or, a
professionally designed .epub file for the Smashwords Direct option), an ebook
cover image, and the time and patience to follow this Guide. Patience is key.
If you try to take short cuts and skip over the sections that follow, you’ll
frustrate yourself and delay distribution.

To learn some simple, time-saving keyboard tricks before you get started, see
the
[Appendix](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_064.html#ref_appendix)
at the end of this guide. If any terminology in this guide is confusing, check
out our comprehensive e-publishing glossary of terms in the Smashwords FAQ at
<https://www.smashwords.com/about/supportfaq#glossary>

**Do-It-Yourself, or Hire Help?** – If you don’t have the time, patience or
skills to properly format your book to Style Guide requirements, or you find
yourself cursing and swearing (never good!), consider hiring a fellow
Smashwords author to help you. I maintain a list called “Mark’s List” with the
names and contact information of several Smashwords authors who have
volunteered to provide low-cost Smashwords Style Guide formatting services for
around $40 and up. The list also includes low-cost cover designers ($40-$150).
We offer the list as a public service. We don’t earn a referral fee if you
hire these freelancers. If you want a referral, you’ll find the list at
<http://smashwords.com/list>. Please note: you’re hiring the freelancer, not
Smashwords. By hiring them you will not receive preferential customer support
or fast-tracked approval. However, because they’re Smashwords formatting
experts, they’ll give you a clean file that will usually earn you Premium
Catalog approval on the first attempt.

**Formatting Example**

**Formatting template** – Here’s a link to a Smashwords template file, for use
with fiction and narrative non-fiction ebooks.
<http://bit.ly/SWebooktemplateV1> Once you click to the link, you can click
“Download” to open the file in Microsoft Word and save it to your local
computer.

The template above is somewhat unusual in that it contains extensive
instructions. Consider it a companion resource to the Smashwords Style Guide.
It’s not a substitute for the Smashwords Style Guide.

In future updates to the Smashwords Style Guide I’ll add more links as we
build out a library of example files.


* What Smashwords publishes, what we don’t publish
What Smashwords publishes, what we don’t publish{{{1
What Smashwords Publishes, What We Don’t Publish

Smashwords is a professional publishing and distribution platform for serious
writers.

Smashwords publishes only original and legal works, direct from the author or
the exclusive digital publisher. We do not publish public domain books. We
also don’t publish incomplete or partial books, or books that appear elsewhere
on the Internet under other authors’ names, as is common with [ Private Label
Rights scams](http://accrispin.blogspot.com/2010/03/guest-blog-post-scam-of-
private-label.html). If you write erotica, all your characters must be adults
18 or over. And finally, we strongly discourage any book that advocates get-
rich-quick “systems” for making money on the Internet. To publish at
Smashwords, an author or publisher is simply required to abide by the
[Smashwords Terms of Service](http://www.smashwords.com/about/tos) and follow
the instructions in this Guide.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  

  
  


* How to distribute books with Smashwords
How to distribute books with Smashwords{{{1
How to Distribute Books with Smashwords:

Smashwords is the world’s largest distributor of ebooks from self-published
authors and small independent presses. We’re always working to open up new
sales channels for our authors and publishers. The Smashwords distribution
network includes major ebook stores and libraries, including Apple iBooks,
Barnes & Noble, Kobo, FlipKart, Oyster, Scribd, OverDrive and Baker & Taylor
Axis 360.

A significant advantage of formatting your book to the Style Guide and
distributing through Smashwords is that you upload it once to Smashwords and
then we take care of everything else. We’ll produce the files and data
necessary to support the unique requirements of each retailer, and we deliver
everything to them per their requirements.

You’ll centrally manage your ebook distribution through your Smashwords
Dashboard. If you want to change the price, or upload a new version of your
book, or update your cover image or book description, you do it once from your
Dashboard and then we propagate the update out to all our retailers. You can
update your book as often as you like, and all at no cost.

This centralized control is a major time-saver for our authors. We help you
spend more time writing and less time hassling with distribution!

You’ll also gain access to powerful sales, marketing and merchandising tools,
many of which are only available to Smashwords authors and publishers. We’re
always working and innovating to give our authors and publishers a competitive
advantage in the marketplace.

Once your book is accepted into the Smashwords Premium Catalog, it’s ready for
distribution across the Smashwords distribution network. To achieve Premium
Catalog distribution, your book must satisfy higher mechanical standards
required by the retailers such as having a quality book cover image, good
formatting, a proper copyright page, and other requirements clearly outlined
here in this Style Guide.

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* How ebook formatting is different from print formatting
How ebook formatting is different from print formatting{{{1
How Ebook Formatting is Different from Print Formatting

Before you embark on your ebook publishing adventure, it’s helpful to
understand the differences between print book formatting and ebook formatting.

With print books, you control the layout. Print is a fixed format. The words,
fonts and images appear on the printed page exactly where you want them to
appear.

Ebooks are different. Don’t try to make your ebook look like an exact
facsimile of a print book, otherwise you’ll disappoint readers by creating a
poorly formatted, unreadable ebook.

Ebooks are designed for “reflowability,” which means your words and paragraphs
will shape shift and reflow and look good on any screen size, whether it’s a
small iPhone or a larger iPad, Kindle, or personal computer screen.
Reflowability enables your reader to customize the font sizes, fonts, and line
spacing to suit their personal reading preference and device.

With print books, readers use page numbers to navigate. With ebooks, there is
no “page.” Ebooks use hyperlinks to navigate, and as you’ll soon learn, this
opens up exciting opportunities to make your words more accessible to readers.

In order to prepare your words to be stirred up and reconstituted in this
digital soup, it’s important your Smashwords source file is formatted to
liberate the words in digital form. The Smashwords Style Guide will teach you
how with our step-by-step instructions.

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Understanding the different ebook formats
Understanding the different ebook formats{{{1
Understanding the Different Ebook Formats

One of the important benefits of Smashwords is that we take your single file
and convert it into multiple ebook formats. Why is this so important to the
success of your book? Because readers read on many different devices, so the
more formats you offer, the more books you’ll sell.

You should publish your book into as many digital formats as possible (even if
certain formats translate less well than others) because this expands your
potential audience of readers. Review the outputs of each format for
acceptability after you publish.

Here’s a summary of the formats offered:

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m7699deae.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m7699deae.jpg)
**EPUB** \- This is your most important format! EPUB is an open industry ebook
format. This is the format we distribute to Apple, Barnes & Noble, Kobo,
Oyster, Scribd, and others. If your book is available in epub, it can be read
on the most popular ebook readers and ebook reading software applications
(Like iBooks or Bluefire on the iPhone or Aldiko on Android devices), and will
gain the widest distribution via Smashwords’ distribution outlets (EPUB is a
requirement for inclusion in Smashwords’ Premium Catalog, and it’s what we
distribute to every retailer except Amazon).

Mobipocket **(Kindle)** – Mobipocket, A.K.A. **MOBI** , allows your books to
be read on the Amazon Kindle, so this is an important format for you.
Mobipocket is supported on many handheld devices and e-reading applications.
Mobipocket is a requirement for distribution to Amazon. Even if you already
upload direct to Amazon, don’t disable the .mobi format at Smashwords, because
many customers enjoy purchasing .mobi books at Smashwords.

Palm Doc **(PDB)** \- PalmDoc is a format primarily used on Palm Pilot
devices, but software readers are available for PalmOS, Symbian OS, Windows
Mobile Pocket PC/Smartphone, desktop Windows, and Macintosh. Be sure to turn
off “smart quotes” in your source file, otherwise they may appear garbled in
your PDB file. Our PDB is little more than ugly plain text.

PDF \- Portable Document Format, or PDF, is a file format readable by most
devices, including handheld e-readers, PDAs, and personal computers. It’s a
good format if your work contains complex layout, charts or images. Odds are,
if your work looks good in Microsoft Word it will look good in PDF. PDF is
also a good option for readers who may want to print out your book on their
home computers. On the negative side, PDF is a rigid, inflexible format
because it’s not reflowable, so it’s horrible for reading novels. Your
customers can’t easily change the font size or style to match their
preferences, the text isn’t reflowable, and the reader is forced to read page
by page.

LRF \- This is the old (mothballed) format for the Sony Reader. Sony later
moved to the EPUB format, so LRF is less important than it once was, though
it’s still useful to users of the older generation Sony Readers.

RTF \- Rich Text Format, or RTF, is a cross-platform document format supported
by many word processors and devices. It is not efficient with lots of images.
Meatgrinder has a bug which can cause the text in the RTF to appear as SMALL
CAPS. Smashwords plans to discontinue the RTF format before the end of 2014.

Plain Text \- Plain text is the most widely supported file format. It works on
nearly all readers and devices. It lacks formatting, but will work anywhere.
For best results with plain text, your source document should not contain
images or fancy formatting.

HTML SmashReader – This is our online reader that allows customers to sample
or read your book from their web browser. Your sample pages will be indexed by
Google, which will increase the ability for potential customers to find your
book, even if they didn’t know your book is what they were looking for. Think
of it as serendipity on steroids. If your book looks good in our HTML reader,
it will probably also look good in EPUB and MOBI. Linked tables of contents
(ToCs) don’t work in the HTML reader.

More options coming \- In the future, we’ll add support for other formats
based on author requests. If there’s a particular format you want, drop us a
note.

  
  


* The beauty and utility of simplicity
The beauty and utility of simplicity{{{1
The Beauty and Utility of Simplicity

The secret to ebook formatting success is “Keep it Simple!” Unnecessarily
complex formatting or layout will hinder the readability of your ebook.

Remember that readers will read your book for the magic of your words. You
want your formatting and styling to make your words more accessible to the
reader.

Simplicity doesn’t mean you must format your book as plain text or make it
“dumb” or “lacking styling” As you’ll learn in the sections that follow,
Smashwords supports sophisticated, customizing styling, but like all good
things in life, you should use styling in moderation. Although we’ll show you
how to apply custom paragraph styling, try to minimize the number of styles,
because too many styles can make your text appear busy. If your current
formatting includes more than five or ten custom paragraph styles, you’re
asking for trouble. I’ll teach you more about styling options in Step 7.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* AutoVetter helps identify common formatting errors
AutoVetter helps identify common formatting errors{{{1
AutoVetter Helps You Identify Common Formatting Errors:

AutoVetter is your friend.

AutoVetter is our automated formatting checker that inspects your book the
moment you upload it. AutoVetter provides you instant feedback regarding
potential formatting problems. If you get AutoVetter messages, don’t despair!
They’re easy to fix.

The AutoVetter messages will be reported to you on your publish confirmation
page (the page that appears after your Meatgrinder conversion completes), and
also at the top of your book page and in a publish-confirmation email. You can
also access the AutoVetter messages from your Dashboard after you publish,
underneath the “Premium Status” column. If the Dashboard link reads, “requires
modification,” click the link.

Once you learn of an AutoVetter error, fix it immediately. Otherwise, the
errors will prevent or delay your book’s acceptance into the Smashwords
Premium Catalog which will prevent distribution. Once you fix the issue, go to
your Dashboard and click the “upload new version” link.

The following errors may prevent your book from gaining inclusion in the
Premium Catalog:

\- more than 4 consecutive paragraph returns in a row (creates blank ebook
pages)

\- tabs (eliminate all tabs, which you created by hitting the “Tab” key)

\- indents made with space bar spaces or tabs (a common bad habit of all
authors)

\- exotic fonts (instead, stick with Times New Roman, Garamond and Arial)

\- large font sizes (11 or 12pt is best, 14pt is a recommended maximum)

\- text in columns (we don’t support columns)

\- text in tables (ebooks don’t handle tables. Import tables as images)

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_2b2dd480.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_2b2dd480.jpg)

\- text in text boxes (Ugh, the horror! We don’t support text boxes. Use the
nuclear method, explained a little later, to reliably eliminate text boxes.)

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m7462998d.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m7462998d.jpg)  
  

\- multiple conflicting paragraph styles for your body (for example, don’t mix
Normal style with Body Text style)

\- automatic footnotes (not supported, may cause the conversion to fail)

\- text wrapped around floating images (instead, right mouse click on image,
click **Format Picture** : **Advanced** : **In Line with Text** , then use
Word’s center button to center)

\- and finally, to avoid the copyright error, carefully follow tip 21b below

  
  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Your required source file
Your required source file{{{1
Your Required Source File

Your source file is the file you’ll upload to Smashwords for conversion and
distribution. This section summarizes how you can get your manuscript into a
format ready for upload to Smashwords.

**Word .doc Files:** This is the recommend option, and the most popular option
selected by Smashwords authors. The remainder of this Smashwords Style Guide
provides instructions on how to format your book as a Microsoft Word .doc
file.

**.Epub files:** Smashwords accepts .epub files (version 2, not .epub3),
provided the file passes the EpubCheck validation system at
<http://validator.idpf.org/> To learn more about Smashwords Direct, our direct
.epub upload feature, visit <https://www.smashwords.com/swdirect>

**InDesign Source Files** : InDesign is a common layout application used by
professional print book designers and publishers. Smashwords does not accept
InDesign files. However, InDesign will allow you to export your manuscript to
the .epub format, and you can upload this to Smashwords if it’s formatted to
the Style Guide. Also from InDesign, you can export your book to the .RTF
format. Once it’s in RTF format, you can reopen the file in Microsoft Word,
save it as a Word .doc, and then follow the **Nuclear Method** to clean up all
the gunk InDesign creates in your RTF. With the **Nuclear Method** , you open
your file in Word, copy and paste it into Windows Notepad (or some other
simple text editor that strips out all formatting), close Microsoft Word, then
reopen Word to a fresh new Word document, then copy and paste the book from
Notepad back into Word, and then carefully re-apply the minimal necessary
formatting by following the Style Guide.

**PDF Source Files (Not allowed):** You cannot upload a source file as a PDF.
If you only have your book in PDF form, here’s a free online service that will
convert your PDF into a Word doc: <http://www.pdftoword.com/> You upload your
PDF to them and then they email it to you as a Word file. But be warned, the
output it gives you will ***not*** be ready to publish on Smashwords. You will
still need to perform clean-up. To save time, you’re better off contacting
whoever converted your original manuscript into PDF and ask them to forward
you the original source file, saved as either a Word .doc or .RTF file.

**If You Only Have a Print Book:** Many authors only have print copies of
their books. How do you bring your book to life as an ebook? It’s easier than
you might think. Consider this cool service called Blue Leaf Book Scanning,
which uses optical character recognition technology to convert your book back
into digital form. For around $25.00, they will scan your print book and send
it to you as a Microsoft Word file. I’ve seen the raw files they produce, and
they’re remarkably accurate. However, the service is not infallible. The Word
file they send you will still require careful proofing, editing and
reformatting. [ http://www.blueleaf-book-
scanning.com/book_scanning_service_order.html](http://www.blueleaf-book-
scanning.com/book_scanning_service_order.html)

**Final Draft files:** If you’re a screenwriter, scriptwriter and playwright
and you work in a program called Final Draft, save your document as an RTF
file (however, you will need to manually correct the margins), and then open
it in Word, save it as a Word .doc, and clean up from there.

**HTML Source Files:** If you only have your source file as an HTML file,
follow these instructions: **1.** Open the HTML document in a browser. **2.**
Copy and paste the entire document into a new Word doc by clicking "Edit:
paste special" within the Word menu, then selecting "unformatted text" as the
output. **3.** From here, you'll find that you've got a consistent number of
spaces, such as four spaces, making up your indents. This won't work, so do a
CTRL+H (press the CTRL key and the H key at the same time) search and replace
and search for _^p space space space space_ (the “^p” symbol for a paragraph
return followed by four taps on the space bar) and replace with only _^p_.
This will eliminate the leading spaces at the beginning of each paragraph.
**4.** Next, CTRL+A the document, right mouse click, click paragraph, and then
under “special” do a first line paragraph indent of .25”. **5.** Next, clean
up the remaining minor issues, like manually removing the indents from your
title and copyright pages, and, using Word’s center button, center those
sections.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  

***~~~***

  
  

  
  

## Frequently Asked Questions

  
  

Q: How long will it take for me to format my book for Smashwords?

This depends on your knowledge of Microsoft Word. Most authors, if they take
the time to carefully study and implement the Style Guide, can successfully
complete their formatting in under two or three hours. Most experienced
Smashwords authors can complete a book in under one hour. Novels are the
easiest to format. If you decide to skip the Style Guide because you already
have decades of experience in publishing, then you’ll frustrate yourself and
waste time. The Style Guide has a lot of pictures to help guide even computer
novices down the path to formatting success, and it’ll save you money in the
process. We created Smashwords so you shouldn’t have to pay anyone a penny to
publish. However, if you don’t have the time, skills, or patience to follow
the instructions, and you’d rather hire someone to help you, see “Mark’s List”
of low cost formatters (fellow Smashwords authors) at
<http://www.smashwords.com/list>, who for around $40 to $100 can
professionally format your book.

Q: Do you distribute to Amazon?

Yes, but only for a limited subset of our authors. If your book earns over
$2,000 in sales at Smashwords and our retailers, you can request distribution
to Amazon by contacting our support team via the “support” link you’ll find at
the bottom of any Smashwords page. Learn more at
<http://smashwords.com/distribution>

Q: Some retailers allow direct author uploads. Why should I use Smashwords?

Great question! The simplest, shortest answer is that we save you time. We
help you spend more time writing and less time fussing with the management of
multiple upload platforms. If you want to update your price or cover image or
fix a typo, you do it once at Smashwords and we distribute the update to all
the retailers. We make it easier to manage multiple books. We provide
consolidated sales and tax reporting. All big time-savers. Your writing is
what makes you unique. It’s your unique contribution to the world. We think
the more time writers spend writing, more the successful they’ll be. We’re
always working to give Smashwords authors a competitive advantage in the
marketplace with exclusive tools, and we’re always sharing cutting-edge best
practices knowledge that will help you publish more professionally and
successfully. We think over the long term, authors who partner with Smashwords
will be more successful than those who don’t.

Q: Can you share time-saving tips?

Yes! You’ve already taken the first step, which is to read this Style Guide.
It will save you a lot of time, prevent frustration and help you get your book
distributed more quickly. Other tips: **1.** Jump down to my Keyboard
Shortcuts section in the
[Appendix](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_064.html#ref_appendix)
if you want a quick refresher on some keyboard tricks that will save you time
and reduce errors. **2.** Follow the Style Guide’s steps in sequential order.
Don’t skip any steps. **3.** Take a look at my sample template file at
<http://bit.ly/SWebooktemplateV1>. **4.** Use Microsoft Word because you’ll
get the best, most predictable results. **5.** If your book has been touched
by multiple word processors during the writing, revision and editing, consider
using the Nuclear Method below to clear out the formatting gunk and start
fresh because these other programs have a habit of introducing hidden
corruption into your file.

Q: How many books will I sell, and how do you pay me?

Any book, ebook or print, is difficult to sell. Some Smashwords authors
haven’t sold a single book. Others sell thousands of copies each day. The
latter group is not the norm, so you should keep your sales expectations
modest. Read the free [Smashwords Book Marketing
Guide](http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/305) to understand what we do to
help you sell your book, and what you can do for yourself. Also read [The
Secrets to Ebook Publishing
Success](https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/145431) (also FREE!) to learn
the best practices of the most commercially successful Smashwords authors. You
are responsible for writing a book that resonates with readers, and for
marketing that book. Our responsibility is to help you get your book published
and distributed. Over 90 percent of your sales will come from Smashwords’
rapidly expanding network of ebook retailers, thus the urgency for you to
follow the Style Guide so we can quickly distribute your book. All your sales
originating at Smashwords.com, our small retail operation, will be reported
instantly to you. Our Daily Sales feature will give you same-day sales results
from Barnes & Noble and next-day reports from Apple iBooks, Kobo and OverDrive
. Learn more about how Smashwords royalties are calculated and paid by reading
our [Royalty FAQ](http://www.smashwords.com/about/supportfaq#Royalties).

Q: What types of books are most difficult to format for Smashwords?

The most challenging books at Smashwords include large-format coffee table
photo books, and picture books for children where the words are embedded in
the image. Smashwords ebooks are designed for reflowability, so they can be
enjoyed on screens large and small. Large format pictures, or tiny text
embedded in images do not read well on small screens. With some special care,
you can modify most types of books to work well on Smashwords. For children’s
picture books, for example, liberate the text from the image so the text can
become reflowable.

Q: Can I upload a work in progress?

No. Smashwords is only for books that are complete and ready for public
consumption.

Q: Can I upload only a sample chapter or two?

No. We only publish complete books. If your story doesn’t represent a complete
reading experience, you can’t publish it at Smashwords, because our customers
expect a complete story. However, when you upload your complete book, you can
designate a certain percentage of the book, starting from the word one, which
we will make available as a free sample.

Q: Can I upload public domain books?

No. We do not publish public domain books.

Q: Can I upload “Private Label Rights” articles to Smashwords?

No, never. We have a zero tolerance policy on PLR. It’s a violation of our
terms of service for anyone to upload it to Smashwords. If you’re not familiar
with PLR, it’s generic content that is licensed and republished by multiple
people. I consider PLR a scam. I wrote about PLR for Writer Beware at [
http://accrispin.blogspot.com/2010/03/guest-blog-post-scam-of-private-
label.html](http://accrispin.blogspot.com/2010/03/guest-blog-post-scam-of-
private-label.html) If we discover someone has uploaded PLR content, or
content that originated from PLR source material, or PLR that was later
modified using “article spinners” to evade PLR detection systems, we will
close their account without warning and they’ll forfeit all earnings. If
you’re not the original author of the book, or you’re not the exclusive
distributor or publisher, we cannot publish the work.

Q: Can I take my Smashwords ebook conversions and sell them elsewhere?

We ask that you don’t do this. Why? Our free conversion services, for which we
have invested significant resources to build and continually improve, are
provided to Smashwords authors and publishers as a free benefit of our ebook
distribution services. It's bad karma to take the files we create and upload
or sell them elsewhere. Just as you're trusting readers to honor your
copyright, we trust our authors to respect our terms of service. Of course,
you can do anything you want with the Microsoft Word source file you create.

Q: Do I put my cover image in the manuscript file?

If you’re uploading a direct .epub using our Smashwords Direct feature, it
should have the cover image inside the .epub file. If you’re uploading a Word
.doc file, it’s best to not include your cover image inside the manuscript
because Meatgrinder will automatically insert your cover into your EPUB and
MOBI formats. If you want the image in the PDF and RTF formats, you can import
it into the top of your Word file. The downside of doing this, however, is
that this will cause your cover image to appear twice in your EPUB and MOBI
versions.

Q: Do you edit my book prior to publishing?

No. It is your responsibility to upload a completed, professionally written,
edited and proofread book.

Q: How important is it that my book has been proofread and copy edited?

Extremely important! Don’t publish your book at Smashwords until it has been
thoroughly proofread for grammar, spelling and typos. One of the biggest
criticisms leveled against self-published authors is that their work is not
professional quality. Don’t perpetuate this stereotype. Take pride in your
work and invest the necessary effort to have others proofread and copyedit
your book prior to publishing it on Smashwords or anywhere else. Your readers
will thank you and your book will be more successful.

Q: Will Smashwords format my book to make it look perfect?

No. If we did that, our service would not be free. Our technology is
completely automated. We provide you the free tools, and the knowledge to use
them. All file conversions are automated by our Meatgrinder file conversion
system.

Q: Does Smashwords provide professional formatting and text design services?

Smashwords does not provide paid services of any kind. This guide provides
guidance on how to prepare your book for quality ebook conversion through
Meatgrinder. If you decide you require assistance visit
<http://smashwords.com/list> to obtain my list of low-cost formatters and
cover designers.

Q: I’ve already formatted my book perfectly into separate versions for PDF,
EPUB, Mobi and others. Can I just upload my books and bypass the Meatgrinder?

At present, we only accept Word .doc and .epub. In the future, our Smashwords
Direct feature may add support for direct uploads of Mobi and PDF, and
possibly other formats.

Q: Can I use “drop caps” at the beginning of a paragraph or chapter?

A drop cap is the large initial capped letter you may see in the first
paragraph of a chapter in a print book. A drop cap usually extends down two or
three lines. If you’re uploading a professional quality .epub file with drop
caps, then you can use them. If you’re uploading a Word .doc, you cannot use
drop caps, so eliminate all usage of them. A common and attractive alternative
to drop caps used by many Smashwords authors is to make the first letter of
the first paragraph of a chapter a slightly larger font size, and bold.

Q: Will my finished Smashwords digital book look like my original print
manuscript?

Often, it will look different. It’s dangerous to try to make your ebook look
like an exact carbon copy of your print book. You want your ebook to be
reflowable, which means it’ll read well on any device or screen size. If you
carefully follow the Style Guide, you’ll get good results.

Q: I don’t use Microsoft Word. Can I still publish on Smashwords?

Yes, though Microsoft Word is your best option. If you want to ensure the best
results for your ebook, and you don’t use Microsoft Word, consider investing
in a copy. You can usually find it for around $150 or less. Word will give you
the greatest control over your formatting by allowing you to follow the
Smashwords Style Guide. If your time is valuable to you, and you plan to
publish multiple ebooks with Smashwords, Word is a good investment. If you’ve
already got an older version of Word, that’s great. You don’t need the newest.

If your word processing software allows you to save a file as a Microsoft Word
.doc file, then it might work for you. There are numerous free Word processors
that emulate Microsoft Word or will convert files into Microsoft Word format,
but keep in mind they’ll make formatting more difficult, they might introduce
corruption into your Word document, and we can’t coach you on how to use them.
One free option popular with many Smashwords authors is Open Office
(<http://www.openoffice.org/>), which is available for the PC, Mac and other
platforms. You can also use Apple Pages to output a Word .doc file. We do not
recommend WordPerfect because it caused our authors headaches, which causes us
headaches (see next question).

Q. I use WordPerfect. Can I save my manuscript as a Word .doc or .RTF and
upload it?

Smashwords authors who try to convert their WordPerfect files into Microsoft
Word .doc format are often frustrated beyond belief. Based on our experience,
WordPerfect does not reliably export to Word .doc or RTF. It inserts tabs
instead of proper first line paragraph indents, and it introduces corrupted
data and strange control characters. If you use WordPerfect, we recommend
saving your file as plain text, and then reopening it in Microsoft Word. Next,
follow the recommendations in this Style Guide for the Nuclear Method before
reformatting with Word.

Q. Is there a maximum size file I can upload?

Yes. The source file you upload must be smaller than 10 megabytes. If your
file is larger, it usually means it contains large images, or multiple images.
For essential images, reduce the file sizes (see the next tip for how to do
this). If you’re unable to optimize the file sizes of the images, consider if
each image is really necessary. If you’re using images for chapter headings or
similar artistic flourishes, for example, remove them and replace them with
text.

Q. How do I reduce the file size of my images?

First, if your file is an RTF, save it as a Word .doc. Word .doc files handle
images much more efficiently. If you’re using Microsoft Word 2003 or later,
Word has a GREAT feature that will compress your images without visibly
harming quality. Just right mouse click on any image in the document, select
format picture, then under the picture tab in the lower left hand corner
you'll see a link for "compress". This will compress many images 80% or more.
You can also use a photo editing tool such as Photoshop, or a free utility
such as Paint.net at <http://www.getpaint.net/> or Picasa by Google at
<http://picasa.google.com/>. **Please note** : It doesn’t impact the file size
to simply click the corner of an image and drag it inward. If you want to
reduce the height or width of an image, it’s always best to do that outside of
Word, and then re-insert the corrected image.

Q. What’s the best way to format poetry?

For best results, present your poetry flush left, or, if it’s meant to be
centered, centered by defining the centering in your paragraph style (See Step
7 for how to manage styles or to create custom styles). Don’t use indents to
arrange the text on the page, because the indents could cause your poems to
appear too far to the right of the screen (or worse, word-wrapped) on small-
screened devices. This is why we suggest flush left. For additional poetry
tips, see our special poetry tips section (Step 7b-c) in this Style Guide.

Q. Does Smashwords support preorders?

Yes! In July 2013, we announced preorder distribution to Apple, Barnes & Noble
and Kobo. Preorders allow readers to reserve a book before it’s available for
sale. On the day the book goes onsale, the customer’s credit card is charged.
At Apple, Barnes & Noble and Kobo, orders accumulated during the preorder
period credit all at once on the day the book goes onsale, causing your book
to spike in the bestseller lists. A preorder also allows you to market your
book in advance of its availability, which helps you capture orders at the
moment you have the reader’s attention and interest. Multiple Smashwords
authors have used preorders to hit the top 10 bestseller lists, and even to
hit the New York Times and USA Today bestseller lists. But you don’t need to
achieve bestsellerdom to benefit from preorders. Preorders give your book an
incremental advantage in the marketplace, and are proven to help authors sell
more books than they would have otherwise sold without the preorder. Visit
<http://smashwords.com/preorder> to learn strategies for doing a successful
preorder.

Q. Should I worry about piracy?

No. The biggest risk faced by every author and publisher is obscurity, not
piracy. If you price your ebook reasonably, and you make your book available
for purchase at as many retailers as possible, it’ll be easier for readers to
purchase a legal copy than it is to obtain an illegal copy. On the off chance
a fan gives your book to a friend and tells them to read it, consider it the
most powerful form of low-cost marketing. That new fan will seek out and
purchase your other books. Books live and die based on reader word of mouth.
The most successful authors don’t limit their book’s distribution for fear of
piracy. Some best-selling authors are even known to upload their own books to
pirate sites, simply because they view pirating as cheap marketing.

Q. [Advanced] How do I eliminate Word’s Indexing Field Codes?

Smashwords does not support indexing, so if your source document uses Word’s
field code for indexed words or phrases, you’ll want to eliminate the field
codes before you upload to Smashwords. The field codes become visible when you
activate Word’s “show/hide” command (as we mention below, you **NEED to
activate “show/hide”** to expose your hidden formatting). Although you could
strip them out manually, it would take hours and will introduce errors. Here’s
a quick tip that takes only seconds: See our Keyboard Shortcuts section learn
how to use Word’s “Find and Replace” feature (type CTRL+H) and then in the
find field enter ^d xe ^? and leave the ‘replace with’ field empty. Then click
‘replace all’. Below is an image of what the indexing field codes look like.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_309df6ad.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_309df6ad.jpg)

  
  

  
  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  

## FORMATTING

  
  

Pre-Prep


* FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS{{{1
Your Required Source File

Your source file is the file you’ll upload to Smashwords for conversion and
distribution. This section summarizes how you can get your manuscript into a
format ready for upload to Smashwords.

**Word .doc Files:** This is the recommend option, and the most popular option
selected by Smashwords authors. The remainder of this Smashwords Style Guide
provides instructions on how to format your book as a Microsoft Word .doc
file.

**.Epub files:** Smashwords accepts .epub files (version 2, not .epub3),
provided the file passes the EpubCheck validation system at
<http://validator.idpf.org/> To learn more about Smashwords Direct, our direct
.epub upload feature, visit <https://www.smashwords.com/swdirect>

**InDesign Source Files** : InDesign is a common layout application used by
professional print book designers and publishers. Smashwords does not accept
InDesign files. However, InDesign will allow you to export your manuscript to
the .epub format, and you can upload this to Smashwords if it’s formatted to
the Style Guide. Also from InDesign, you can export your book to the .RTF
format. Once it’s in RTF format, you can reopen the file in Microsoft Word,
save it as a Word .doc, and then follow the **Nuclear Method** to clean up all
the gunk InDesign creates in your RTF. With the **Nuclear Method** , you open
your file in Word, copy and paste it into Windows Notepad (or some other
simple text editor that strips out all formatting), close Microsoft Word, then
reopen Word to a fresh new Word document, then copy and paste the book from
Notepad back into Word, and then carefully re-apply the minimal necessary
formatting by following the Style Guide.

**PDF Source Files (Not allowed):** You cannot upload a source file as a PDF.
If you only have your book in PDF form, here’s a free online service that will
convert your PDF into a Word doc: <http://www.pdftoword.com/> You upload your
PDF to them and then they email it to you as a Word file. But be warned, the
output it gives you will ***not*** be ready to publish on Smashwords. You will
still need to perform clean-up. To save time, you’re better off contacting
whoever converted your original manuscript into PDF and ask them to forward
you the original source file, saved as either a Word .doc or .RTF file.

**If You Only Have a Print Book:** Many authors only have print copies of
their books. How do you bring your book to life as an ebook? It’s easier than
you might think. Consider this cool service called Blue Leaf Book Scanning,
which uses optical character recognition technology to convert your book back
into digital form. For around $25.00, they will scan your print book and send
it to you as a Microsoft Word file. I’ve seen the raw files they produce, and
they’re remarkably accurate. However, the service is not infallible. The Word
file they send you will still require careful proofing, editing and
reformatting. [ http://www.blueleaf-book-
scanning.com/book_scanning_service_order.html](http://www.blueleaf-book-
scanning.com/book_scanning_service_order.html)

**Final Draft files:** If you’re a screenwriter, scriptwriter and playwright
and you work in a program called Final Draft, save your document as an RTF
file (however, you will need to manually correct the margins), and then open
it in Word, save it as a Word .doc, and clean up from there.

**HTML Source Files:** If you only have your source file as an HTML file,
follow these instructions: **1.** Open the HTML document in a browser. **2.**
Copy and paste the entire document into a new Word doc by clicking "Edit:
paste special" within the Word menu, then selecting "unformatted text" as the
output. **3.** From here, you'll find that you've got a consistent number of
spaces, such as four spaces, making up your indents. This won't work, so do a
CTRL+H (press the CTRL key and the H key at the same time) search and replace
and search for _^p space space space space_ (the “^p” symbol for a paragraph
return followed by four taps on the space bar) and replace with only _^p_.
This will eliminate the leading spaces at the beginning of each paragraph.
**4.** Next, CTRL+A the document, right mouse click, click paragraph, and then
under “special” do a first line paragraph indent of .25”. **5.** Next, clean
up the remaining minor issues, like manually removing the indents from your
title and copyright pages, and, using Word’s center button, center those
sections.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  

***~~~***

  
  

  
  

## Frequently Asked Questions

  
  

Q: How long will it take for me to format my book for Smashwords?

This depends on your knowledge of Microsoft Word. Most authors, if they take
the time to carefully study and implement the Style Guide, can successfully
complete their formatting in under two or three hours. Most experienced
Smashwords authors can complete a book in under one hour. Novels are the
easiest to format. If you decide to skip the Style Guide because you already
have decades of experience in publishing, then you’ll frustrate yourself and
waste time. The Style Guide has a lot of pictures to help guide even computer
novices down the path to formatting success, and it’ll save you money in the
process. We created Smashwords so you shouldn’t have to pay anyone a penny to
publish. However, if you don’t have the time, skills, or patience to follow
the instructions, and you’d rather hire someone to help you, see “Mark’s List”
of low cost formatters (fellow Smashwords authors) at
<http://www.smashwords.com/list>, who for around $40 to $100 can
professionally format your book.

Q: Do you distribute to Amazon?

Yes, but only for a limited subset of our authors. If your book earns over
$2,000 in sales at Smashwords and our retailers, you can request distribution
to Amazon by contacting our support team via the “support” link you’ll find at
the bottom of any Smashwords page. Learn more at
<http://smashwords.com/distribution>

Q: Some retailers allow direct author uploads. Why should I use Smashwords?

Great question! The simplest, shortest answer is that we save you time. We
help you spend more time writing and less time fussing with the management of
multiple upload platforms. If you want to update your price or cover image or
fix a typo, you do it once at Smashwords and we distribute the update to all
the retailers. We make it easier to manage multiple books. We provide
consolidated sales and tax reporting. All big time-savers. Your writing is
what makes you unique. It’s your unique contribution to the world. We think
the more time writers spend writing, more the successful they’ll be. We’re
always working to give Smashwords authors a competitive advantage in the
marketplace with exclusive tools, and we’re always sharing cutting-edge best
practices knowledge that will help you publish more professionally and
successfully. We think over the long term, authors who partner with Smashwords
will be more successful than those who don’t.

Q: Can you share time-saving tips?

Yes! You’ve already taken the first step, which is to read this Style Guide.
It will save you a lot of time, prevent frustration and help you get your book
distributed more quickly. Other tips: **1.** Jump down to my Keyboard
Shortcuts section in the
[Appendix](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_064.html#ref_appendix)
if you want a quick refresher on some keyboard tricks that will save you time
and reduce errors. **2.** Follow the Style Guide’s steps in sequential order.
Don’t skip any steps. **3.** Take a look at my sample template file at
<http://bit.ly/SWebooktemplateV1>. **4.** Use Microsoft Word because you’ll
get the best, most predictable results. **5.** If your book has been touched
by multiple word processors during the writing, revision and editing, consider
using the Nuclear Method below to clear out the formatting gunk and start
fresh because these other programs have a habit of introducing hidden
corruption into your file.

Q: How many books will I sell, and how do you pay me?

Any book, ebook or print, is difficult to sell. Some Smashwords authors
haven’t sold a single book. Others sell thousands of copies each day. The
latter group is not the norm, so you should keep your sales expectations
modest. Read the free [Smashwords Book Marketing
Guide](http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/305) to understand what we do to
help you sell your book, and what you can do for yourself. Also read [The
Secrets to Ebook Publishing
Success](https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/145431) (also FREE!) to learn
the best practices of the most commercially successful Smashwords authors. You
are responsible for writing a book that resonates with readers, and for
marketing that book. Our responsibility is to help you get your book published
and distributed. Over 90 percent of your sales will come from Smashwords’
rapidly expanding network of ebook retailers, thus the urgency for you to
follow the Style Guide so we can quickly distribute your book. All your sales
originating at Smashwords.com, our small retail operation, will be reported
instantly to you. Our Daily Sales feature will give you same-day sales results
from Barnes & Noble and next-day reports from Apple iBooks, Kobo and OverDrive
. Learn more about how Smashwords royalties are calculated and paid by reading
our [Royalty FAQ](http://www.smashwords.com/about/supportfaq#Royalties).

Q: What types of books are most difficult to format for Smashwords?

The most challenging books at Smashwords include large-format coffee table
photo books, and picture books for children where the words are embedded in
the image. Smashwords ebooks are designed for reflowability, so they can be
enjoyed on screens large and small. Large format pictures, or tiny text
embedded in images do not read well on small screens. With some special care,
you can modify most types of books to work well on Smashwords. For children’s
picture books, for example, liberate the text from the image so the text can
become reflowable.

Q: Can I upload a work in progress?

No. Smashwords is only for books that are complete and ready for public
consumption.

Q: Can I upload only a sample chapter or two?

No. We only publish complete books. If your story doesn’t represent a complete
reading experience, you can’t publish it at Smashwords, because our customers
expect a complete story. However, when you upload your complete book, you can
designate a certain percentage of the book, starting from the word one, which
we will make available as a free sample.

Q: Can I upload public domain books?

No. We do not publish public domain books.

Q: Can I upload “Private Label Rights” articles to Smashwords?

No, never. We have a zero tolerance policy on PLR. It’s a violation of our
terms of service for anyone to upload it to Smashwords. If you’re not familiar
with PLR, it’s generic content that is licensed and republished by multiple
people. I consider PLR a scam. I wrote about PLR for Writer Beware at [
http://accrispin.blogspot.com/2010/03/guest-blog-post-scam-of-private-
label.html](http://accrispin.blogspot.com/2010/03/guest-blog-post-scam-of-
private-label.html) If we discover someone has uploaded PLR content, or
content that originated from PLR source material, or PLR that was later
modified using “article spinners” to evade PLR detection systems, we will
close their account without warning and they’ll forfeit all earnings. If
you’re not the original author of the book, or you’re not the exclusive
distributor or publisher, we cannot publish the work.

Q: Can I take my Smashwords ebook conversions and sell them elsewhere?

We ask that you don’t do this. Why? Our free conversion services, for which we
have invested significant resources to build and continually improve, are
provided to Smashwords authors and publishers as a free benefit of our ebook
distribution services. It's bad karma to take the files we create and upload
or sell them elsewhere. Just as you're trusting readers to honor your
copyright, we trust our authors to respect our terms of service. Of course,
you can do anything you want with the Microsoft Word source file you create.

Q: Do I put my cover image in the manuscript file?

If you’re uploading a direct .epub using our Smashwords Direct feature, it
should have the cover image inside the .epub file. If you’re uploading a Word
.doc file, it’s best to not include your cover image inside the manuscript
because Meatgrinder will automatically insert your cover into your EPUB and
MOBI formats. If you want the image in the PDF and RTF formats, you can import
it into the top of your Word file. The downside of doing this, however, is
that this will cause your cover image to appear twice in your EPUB and MOBI
versions.

Q: Do you edit my book prior to publishing?

No. It is your responsibility to upload a completed, professionally written,
edited and proofread book.

Q: How important is it that my book has been proofread and copy edited?

Extremely important! Don’t publish your book at Smashwords until it has been
thoroughly proofread for grammar, spelling and typos. One of the biggest
criticisms leveled against self-published authors is that their work is not
professional quality. Don’t perpetuate this stereotype. Take pride in your
work and invest the necessary effort to have others proofread and copyedit
your book prior to publishing it on Smashwords or anywhere else. Your readers
will thank you and your book will be more successful.

Q: Will Smashwords format my book to make it look perfect?

No. If we did that, our service would not be free. Our technology is
completely automated. We provide you the free tools, and the knowledge to use
them. All file conversions are automated by our Meatgrinder file conversion
system.

Q: Does Smashwords provide professional formatting and text design services?

Smashwords does not provide paid services of any kind. This guide provides
guidance on how to prepare your book for quality ebook conversion through
Meatgrinder. If you decide you require assistance visit
<http://smashwords.com/list> to obtain my list of low-cost formatters and
cover designers.

Q: I’ve already formatted my book perfectly into separate versions for PDF,
EPUB, Mobi and others. Can I just upload my books and bypass the Meatgrinder?

At present, we only accept Word .doc and .epub. In the future, our Smashwords
Direct feature may add support for direct uploads of Mobi and PDF, and
possibly other formats.

Q: Can I use “drop caps” at the beginning of a paragraph or chapter?

A drop cap is the large initial capped letter you may see in the first
paragraph of a chapter in a print book. A drop cap usually extends down two or
three lines. If you’re uploading a professional quality .epub file with drop
caps, then you can use them. If you’re uploading a Word .doc, you cannot use
drop caps, so eliminate all usage of them. A common and attractive alternative
to drop caps used by many Smashwords authors is to make the first letter of
the first paragraph of a chapter a slightly larger font size, and bold.

Q: Will my finished Smashwords digital book look like my original print
manuscript?

Often, it will look different. It’s dangerous to try to make your ebook look
like an exact carbon copy of your print book. You want your ebook to be
reflowable, which means it’ll read well on any device or screen size. If you
carefully follow the Style Guide, you’ll get good results.

Q: I don’t use Microsoft Word. Can I still publish on Smashwords?

Yes, though Microsoft Word is your best option. If you want to ensure the best
results for your ebook, and you don’t use Microsoft Word, consider investing
in a copy. You can usually find it for around $150 or less. Word will give you
the greatest control over your formatting by allowing you to follow the
Smashwords Style Guide. If your time is valuable to you, and you plan to
publish multiple ebooks with Smashwords, Word is a good investment. If you’ve
already got an older version of Word, that’s great. You don’t need the newest.

If your word processing software allows you to save a file as a Microsoft Word
.doc file, then it might work for you. There are numerous free Word processors
that emulate Microsoft Word or will convert files into Microsoft Word format,
but keep in mind they’ll make formatting more difficult, they might introduce
corruption into your Word document, and we can’t coach you on how to use them.
One free option popular with many Smashwords authors is Open Office
(<http://www.openoffice.org/>), which is available for the PC, Mac and other
platforms. You can also use Apple Pages to output a Word .doc file. We do not
recommend WordPerfect because it caused our authors headaches, which causes us
headaches (see next question).

Q. I use WordPerfect. Can I save my manuscript as a Word .doc or .RTF and
upload it?

Smashwords authors who try to convert their WordPerfect files into Microsoft
Word .doc format are often frustrated beyond belief. Based on our experience,
WordPerfect does not reliably export to Word .doc or RTF. It inserts tabs
instead of proper first line paragraph indents, and it introduces corrupted
data and strange control characters. If you use WordPerfect, we recommend
saving your file as plain text, and then reopening it in Microsoft Word. Next,
follow the recommendations in this Style Guide for the Nuclear Method before
reformatting with Word.

Q. Is there a maximum size file I can upload?

Yes. The source file you upload must be smaller than 10 megabytes. If your
file is larger, it usually means it contains large images, or multiple images.
For essential images, reduce the file sizes (see the next tip for how to do
this). If you’re unable to optimize the file sizes of the images, consider if
each image is really necessary. If you’re using images for chapter headings or
similar artistic flourishes, for example, remove them and replace them with
text.

Q. How do I reduce the file size of my images?

First, if your file is an RTF, save it as a Word .doc. Word .doc files handle
images much more efficiently. If you’re using Microsoft Word 2003 or later,
Word has a GREAT feature that will compress your images without visibly
harming quality. Just right mouse click on any image in the document, select
format picture, then under the picture tab in the lower left hand corner
you'll see a link for "compress". This will compress many images 80% or more.
You can also use a photo editing tool such as Photoshop, or a free utility
such as Paint.net at <http://www.getpaint.net/> or Picasa by Google at
<http://picasa.google.com/>. **Please note** : It doesn’t impact the file size
to simply click the corner of an image and drag it inward. If you want to
reduce the height or width of an image, it’s always best to do that outside of
Word, and then re-insert the corrected image.

Q. What’s the best way to format poetry?

For best results, present your poetry flush left, or, if it’s meant to be
centered, centered by defining the centering in your paragraph style (See Step
7 for how to manage styles or to create custom styles). Don’t use indents to
arrange the text on the page, because the indents could cause your poems to
appear too far to the right of the screen (or worse, word-wrapped) on small-
screened devices. This is why we suggest flush left. For additional poetry
tips, see our special poetry tips section (Step 7b-c) in this Style Guide.

Q. Does Smashwords support preorders?

Yes! In July 2013, we announced preorder distribution to Apple, Barnes & Noble
and Kobo. Preorders allow readers to reserve a book before it’s available for
sale. On the day the book goes onsale, the customer’s credit card is charged.
At Apple, Barnes & Noble and Kobo, orders accumulated during the preorder
period credit all at once on the day the book goes onsale, causing your book
to spike in the bestseller lists. A preorder also allows you to market your
book in advance of its availability, which helps you capture orders at the
moment you have the reader’s attention and interest. Multiple Smashwords
authors have used preorders to hit the top 10 bestseller lists, and even to
hit the New York Times and USA Today bestseller lists. But you don’t need to
achieve bestsellerdom to benefit from preorders. Preorders give your book an
incremental advantage in the marketplace, and are proven to help authors sell
more books than they would have otherwise sold without the preorder. Visit
<http://smashwords.com/preorder> to learn strategies for doing a successful
preorder.

Q. Should I worry about piracy?

No. The biggest risk faced by every author and publisher is obscurity, not
piracy. If you price your ebook reasonably, and you make your book available
for purchase at as many retailers as possible, it’ll be easier for readers to
purchase a legal copy than it is to obtain an illegal copy. On the off chance
a fan gives your book to a friend and tells them to read it, consider it the
most powerful form of low-cost marketing. That new fan will seek out and
purchase your other books. Books live and die based on reader word of mouth.
The most successful authors don’t limit their book’s distribution for fear of
piracy. Some best-selling authors are even known to upload their own books to
pirate sites, simply because they view pirating as cheap marketing.

Q. [Advanced] How do I eliminate Word’s Indexing Field Codes?

Smashwords does not support indexing, so if your source document uses Word’s
field code for indexed words or phrases, you’ll want to eliminate the field
codes before you upload to Smashwords. The field codes become visible when you
activate Word’s “show/hide” command (as we mention below, you **NEED to
activate “show/hide”** to expose your hidden formatting). Although you could
strip them out manually, it would take hours and will introduce errors. Here’s
a quick tip that takes only seconds: See our Keyboard Shortcuts section learn
how to use Word’s “Find and Replace” feature (type CTRL+H) and then in the
find field enter ^d xe ^? and leave the ‘replace with’ field empty. Then click
‘replace all’. Below is an image of what the indexing field codes look like.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_309df6ad.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_309df6ad.jpg)

  
  

  
  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  

## FORMATTING

  
  

Pre-Prep


* FORMATTING
FORMATTING{{{1
Your Required Source File

Your source file is the file you’ll upload to Smashwords for conversion and
distribution. This section summarizes how you can get your manuscript into a
format ready for upload to Smashwords.

**Word .doc Files:** This is the recommend option, and the most popular option
selected by Smashwords authors. The remainder of this Smashwords Style Guide
provides instructions on how to format your book as a Microsoft Word .doc
file.

**.Epub files:** Smashwords accepts .epub files (version 2, not .epub3),
provided the file passes the EpubCheck validation system at
<http://validator.idpf.org/> To learn more about Smashwords Direct, our direct
.epub upload feature, visit <https://www.smashwords.com/swdirect>

**InDesign Source Files** : InDesign is a common layout application used by
professional print book designers and publishers. Smashwords does not accept
InDesign files. However, InDesign will allow you to export your manuscript to
the .epub format, and you can upload this to Smashwords if it’s formatted to
the Style Guide. Also from InDesign, you can export your book to the .RTF
format. Once it’s in RTF format, you can reopen the file in Microsoft Word,
save it as a Word .doc, and then follow the **Nuclear Method** to clean up all
the gunk InDesign creates in your RTF. With the **Nuclear Method** , you open
your file in Word, copy and paste it into Windows Notepad (or some other
simple text editor that strips out all formatting), close Microsoft Word, then
reopen Word to a fresh new Word document, then copy and paste the book from
Notepad back into Word, and then carefully re-apply the minimal necessary
formatting by following the Style Guide.

**PDF Source Files (Not allowed):** You cannot upload a source file as a PDF.
If you only have your book in PDF form, here’s a free online service that will
convert your PDF into a Word doc: <http://www.pdftoword.com/> You upload your
PDF to them and then they email it to you as a Word file. But be warned, the
output it gives you will ***not*** be ready to publish on Smashwords. You will
still need to perform clean-up. To save time, you’re better off contacting
whoever converted your original manuscript into PDF and ask them to forward
you the original source file, saved as either a Word .doc or .RTF file.

**If You Only Have a Print Book:** Many authors only have print copies of
their books. How do you bring your book to life as an ebook? It’s easier than
you might think. Consider this cool service called Blue Leaf Book Scanning,
which uses optical character recognition technology to convert your book back
into digital form. For around $25.00, they will scan your print book and send
it to you as a Microsoft Word file. I’ve seen the raw files they produce, and
they’re remarkably accurate. However, the service is not infallible. The Word
file they send you will still require careful proofing, editing and
reformatting. [ http://www.blueleaf-book-
scanning.com/book_scanning_service_order.html](http://www.blueleaf-book-
scanning.com/book_scanning_service_order.html)

**Final Draft files:** If you’re a screenwriter, scriptwriter and playwright
and you work in a program called Final Draft, save your document as an RTF
file (however, you will need to manually correct the margins), and then open
it in Word, save it as a Word .doc, and clean up from there.

**HTML Source Files:** If you only have your source file as an HTML file,
follow these instructions: **1.** Open the HTML document in a browser. **2.**
Copy and paste the entire document into a new Word doc by clicking "Edit:
paste special" within the Word menu, then selecting "unformatted text" as the
output. **3.** From here, you'll find that you've got a consistent number of
spaces, such as four spaces, making up your indents. This won't work, so do a
CTRL+H (press the CTRL key and the H key at the same time) search and replace
and search for _^p space space space space_ (the “^p” symbol for a paragraph
return followed by four taps on the space bar) and replace with only _^p_.
This will eliminate the leading spaces at the beginning of each paragraph.
**4.** Next, CTRL+A the document, right mouse click, click paragraph, and then
under “special” do a first line paragraph indent of .25”. **5.** Next, clean
up the remaining minor issues, like manually removing the indents from your
title and copyright pages, and, using Word’s center button, center those
sections.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  

***~~~***

  
  

  
  

## Frequently Asked Questions

  
  

Q: How long will it take for me to format my book for Smashwords?

This depends on your knowledge of Microsoft Word. Most authors, if they take
the time to carefully study and implement the Style Guide, can successfully
complete their formatting in under two or three hours. Most experienced
Smashwords authors can complete a book in under one hour. Novels are the
easiest to format. If you decide to skip the Style Guide because you already
have decades of experience in publishing, then you’ll frustrate yourself and
waste time. The Style Guide has a lot of pictures to help guide even computer
novices down the path to formatting success, and it’ll save you money in the
process. We created Smashwords so you shouldn’t have to pay anyone a penny to
publish. However, if you don’t have the time, skills, or patience to follow
the instructions, and you’d rather hire someone to help you, see “Mark’s List”
of low cost formatters (fellow Smashwords authors) at
<http://www.smashwords.com/list>, who for around $40 to $100 can
professionally format your book.

Q: Do you distribute to Amazon?

Yes, but only for a limited subset of our authors. If your book earns over
$2,000 in sales at Smashwords and our retailers, you can request distribution
to Amazon by contacting our support team via the “support” link you’ll find at
the bottom of any Smashwords page. Learn more at
<http://smashwords.com/distribution>

Q: Some retailers allow direct author uploads. Why should I use Smashwords?

Great question! The simplest, shortest answer is that we save you time. We
help you spend more time writing and less time fussing with the management of
multiple upload platforms. If you want to update your price or cover image or
fix a typo, you do it once at Smashwords and we distribute the update to all
the retailers. We make it easier to manage multiple books. We provide
consolidated sales and tax reporting. All big time-savers. Your writing is
what makes you unique. It’s your unique contribution to the world. We think
the more time writers spend writing, more the successful they’ll be. We’re
always working to give Smashwords authors a competitive advantage in the
marketplace with exclusive tools, and we’re always sharing cutting-edge best
practices knowledge that will help you publish more professionally and
successfully. We think over the long term, authors who partner with Smashwords
will be more successful than those who don’t.

Q: Can you share time-saving tips?

Yes! You’ve already taken the first step, which is to read this Style Guide.
It will save you a lot of time, prevent frustration and help you get your book
distributed more quickly. Other tips: **1.** Jump down to my Keyboard
Shortcuts section in the
[Appendix](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_064.html#ref_appendix)
if you want a quick refresher on some keyboard tricks that will save you time
and reduce errors. **2.** Follow the Style Guide’s steps in sequential order.
Don’t skip any steps. **3.** Take a look at my sample template file at
<http://bit.ly/SWebooktemplateV1>. **4.** Use Microsoft Word because you’ll
get the best, most predictable results. **5.** If your book has been touched
by multiple word processors during the writing, revision and editing, consider
using the Nuclear Method below to clear out the formatting gunk and start
fresh because these other programs have a habit of introducing hidden
corruption into your file.

Q: How many books will I sell, and how do you pay me?

Any book, ebook or print, is difficult to sell. Some Smashwords authors
haven’t sold a single book. Others sell thousands of copies each day. The
latter group is not the norm, so you should keep your sales expectations
modest. Read the free [Smashwords Book Marketing
Guide](http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/305) to understand what we do to
help you sell your book, and what you can do for yourself. Also read [The
Secrets to Ebook Publishing
Success](https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/145431) (also FREE!) to learn
the best practices of the most commercially successful Smashwords authors. You
are responsible for writing a book that resonates with readers, and for
marketing that book. Our responsibility is to help you get your book published
and distributed. Over 90 percent of your sales will come from Smashwords’
rapidly expanding network of ebook retailers, thus the urgency for you to
follow the Style Guide so we can quickly distribute your book. All your sales
originating at Smashwords.com, our small retail operation, will be reported
instantly to you. Our Daily Sales feature will give you same-day sales results
from Barnes & Noble and next-day reports from Apple iBooks, Kobo and OverDrive
. Learn more about how Smashwords royalties are calculated and paid by reading
our [Royalty FAQ](http://www.smashwords.com/about/supportfaq#Royalties).

Q: What types of books are most difficult to format for Smashwords?

The most challenging books at Smashwords include large-format coffee table
photo books, and picture books for children where the words are embedded in
the image. Smashwords ebooks are designed for reflowability, so they can be
enjoyed on screens large and small. Large format pictures, or tiny text
embedded in images do not read well on small screens. With some special care,
you can modify most types of books to work well on Smashwords. For children’s
picture books, for example, liberate the text from the image so the text can
become reflowable.

Q: Can I upload a work in progress?

No. Smashwords is only for books that are complete and ready for public
consumption.

Q: Can I upload only a sample chapter or two?

No. We only publish complete books. If your story doesn’t represent a complete
reading experience, you can’t publish it at Smashwords, because our customers
expect a complete story. However, when you upload your complete book, you can
designate a certain percentage of the book, starting from the word one, which
we will make available as a free sample.

Q: Can I upload public domain books?

No. We do not publish public domain books.

Q: Can I upload “Private Label Rights” articles to Smashwords?

No, never. We have a zero tolerance policy on PLR. It’s a violation of our
terms of service for anyone to upload it to Smashwords. If you’re not familiar
with PLR, it’s generic content that is licensed and republished by multiple
people. I consider PLR a scam. I wrote about PLR for Writer Beware at [
http://accrispin.blogspot.com/2010/03/guest-blog-post-scam-of-private-
label.html](http://accrispin.blogspot.com/2010/03/guest-blog-post-scam-of-
private-label.html) If we discover someone has uploaded PLR content, or
content that originated from PLR source material, or PLR that was later
modified using “article spinners” to evade PLR detection systems, we will
close their account without warning and they’ll forfeit all earnings. If
you’re not the original author of the book, or you’re not the exclusive
distributor or publisher, we cannot publish the work.

Q: Can I take my Smashwords ebook conversions and sell them elsewhere?

We ask that you don’t do this. Why? Our free conversion services, for which we
have invested significant resources to build and continually improve, are
provided to Smashwords authors and publishers as a free benefit of our ebook
distribution services. It's bad karma to take the files we create and upload
or sell them elsewhere. Just as you're trusting readers to honor your
copyright, we trust our authors to respect our terms of service. Of course,
you can do anything you want with the Microsoft Word source file you create.

Q: Do I put my cover image in the manuscript file?

If you’re uploading a direct .epub using our Smashwords Direct feature, it
should have the cover image inside the .epub file. If you’re uploading a Word
.doc file, it’s best to not include your cover image inside the manuscript
because Meatgrinder will automatically insert your cover into your EPUB and
MOBI formats. If you want the image in the PDF and RTF formats, you can import
it into the top of your Word file. The downside of doing this, however, is
that this will cause your cover image to appear twice in your EPUB and MOBI
versions.

Q: Do you edit my book prior to publishing?

No. It is your responsibility to upload a completed, professionally written,
edited and proofread book.

Q: How important is it that my book has been proofread and copy edited?

Extremely important! Don’t publish your book at Smashwords until it has been
thoroughly proofread for grammar, spelling and typos. One of the biggest
criticisms leveled against self-published authors is that their work is not
professional quality. Don’t perpetuate this stereotype. Take pride in your
work and invest the necessary effort to have others proofread and copyedit
your book prior to publishing it on Smashwords or anywhere else. Your readers
will thank you and your book will be more successful.

Q: Will Smashwords format my book to make it look perfect?

No. If we did that, our service would not be free. Our technology is
completely automated. We provide you the free tools, and the knowledge to use
them. All file conversions are automated by our Meatgrinder file conversion
system.

Q: Does Smashwords provide professional formatting and text design services?

Smashwords does not provide paid services of any kind. This guide provides
guidance on how to prepare your book for quality ebook conversion through
Meatgrinder. If you decide you require assistance visit
<http://smashwords.com/list> to obtain my list of low-cost formatters and
cover designers.

Q: I’ve already formatted my book perfectly into separate versions for PDF,
EPUB, Mobi and others. Can I just upload my books and bypass the Meatgrinder?

At present, we only accept Word .doc and .epub. In the future, our Smashwords
Direct feature may add support for direct uploads of Mobi and PDF, and
possibly other formats.

Q: Can I use “drop caps” at the beginning of a paragraph or chapter?

A drop cap is the large initial capped letter you may see in the first
paragraph of a chapter in a print book. A drop cap usually extends down two or
three lines. If you’re uploading a professional quality .epub file with drop
caps, then you can use them. If you’re uploading a Word .doc, you cannot use
drop caps, so eliminate all usage of them. A common and attractive alternative
to drop caps used by many Smashwords authors is to make the first letter of
the first paragraph of a chapter a slightly larger font size, and bold.

Q: Will my finished Smashwords digital book look like my original print
manuscript?

Often, it will look different. It’s dangerous to try to make your ebook look
like an exact carbon copy of your print book. You want your ebook to be
reflowable, which means it’ll read well on any device or screen size. If you
carefully follow the Style Guide, you’ll get good results.

Q: I don’t use Microsoft Word. Can I still publish on Smashwords?

Yes, though Microsoft Word is your best option. If you want to ensure the best
results for your ebook, and you don’t use Microsoft Word, consider investing
in a copy. You can usually find it for around $150 or less. Word will give you
the greatest control over your formatting by allowing you to follow the
Smashwords Style Guide. If your time is valuable to you, and you plan to
publish multiple ebooks with Smashwords, Word is a good investment. If you’ve
already got an older version of Word, that’s great. You don’t need the newest.

If your word processing software allows you to save a file as a Microsoft Word
.doc file, then it might work for you. There are numerous free Word processors
that emulate Microsoft Word or will convert files into Microsoft Word format,
but keep in mind they’ll make formatting more difficult, they might introduce
corruption into your Word document, and we can’t coach you on how to use them.
One free option popular with many Smashwords authors is Open Office
(<http://www.openoffice.org/>), which is available for the PC, Mac and other
platforms. You can also use Apple Pages to output a Word .doc file. We do not
recommend WordPerfect because it caused our authors headaches, which causes us
headaches (see next question).

Q. I use WordPerfect. Can I save my manuscript as a Word .doc or .RTF and
upload it?

Smashwords authors who try to convert their WordPerfect files into Microsoft
Word .doc format are often frustrated beyond belief. Based on our experience,
WordPerfect does not reliably export to Word .doc or RTF. It inserts tabs
instead of proper first line paragraph indents, and it introduces corrupted
data and strange control characters. If you use WordPerfect, we recommend
saving your file as plain text, and then reopening it in Microsoft Word. Next,
follow the recommendations in this Style Guide for the Nuclear Method before
reformatting with Word.

Q. Is there a maximum size file I can upload?

Yes. The source file you upload must be smaller than 10 megabytes. If your
file is larger, it usually means it contains large images, or multiple images.
For essential images, reduce the file sizes (see the next tip for how to do
this). If you’re unable to optimize the file sizes of the images, consider if
each image is really necessary. If you’re using images for chapter headings or
similar artistic flourishes, for example, remove them and replace them with
text.

Q. How do I reduce the file size of my images?

First, if your file is an RTF, save it as a Word .doc. Word .doc files handle
images much more efficiently. If you’re using Microsoft Word 2003 or later,
Word has a GREAT feature that will compress your images without visibly
harming quality. Just right mouse click on any image in the document, select
format picture, then under the picture tab in the lower left hand corner
you'll see a link for "compress". This will compress many images 80% or more.
You can also use a photo editing tool such as Photoshop, or a free utility
such as Paint.net at <http://www.getpaint.net/> or Picasa by Google at
<http://picasa.google.com/>. **Please note** : It doesn’t impact the file size
to simply click the corner of an image and drag it inward. If you want to
reduce the height or width of an image, it’s always best to do that outside of
Word, and then re-insert the corrected image.

Q. What’s the best way to format poetry?

For best results, present your poetry flush left, or, if it’s meant to be
centered, centered by defining the centering in your paragraph style (See Step
7 for how to manage styles or to create custom styles). Don’t use indents to
arrange the text on the page, because the indents could cause your poems to
appear too far to the right of the screen (or worse, word-wrapped) on small-
screened devices. This is why we suggest flush left. For additional poetry
tips, see our special poetry tips section (Step 7b-c) in this Style Guide.

Q. Does Smashwords support preorders?

Yes! In July 2013, we announced preorder distribution to Apple, Barnes & Noble
and Kobo. Preorders allow readers to reserve a book before it’s available for
sale. On the day the book goes onsale, the customer’s credit card is charged.
At Apple, Barnes & Noble and Kobo, orders accumulated during the preorder
period credit all at once on the day the book goes onsale, causing your book
to spike in the bestseller lists. A preorder also allows you to market your
book in advance of its availability, which helps you capture orders at the
moment you have the reader’s attention and interest. Multiple Smashwords
authors have used preorders to hit the top 10 bestseller lists, and even to
hit the New York Times and USA Today bestseller lists. But you don’t need to
achieve bestsellerdom to benefit from preorders. Preorders give your book an
incremental advantage in the marketplace, and are proven to help authors sell
more books than they would have otherwise sold without the preorder. Visit
<http://smashwords.com/preorder> to learn strategies for doing a successful
preorder.

Q. Should I worry about piracy?

No. The biggest risk faced by every author and publisher is obscurity, not
piracy. If you price your ebook reasonably, and you make your book available
for purchase at as many retailers as possible, it’ll be easier for readers to
purchase a legal copy than it is to obtain an illegal copy. On the off chance
a fan gives your book to a friend and tells them to read it, consider it the
most powerful form of low-cost marketing. That new fan will seek out and
purchase your other books. Books live and die based on reader word of mouth.
The most successful authors don’t limit their book’s distribution for fear of
piracy. Some best-selling authors are even known to upload their own books to
pirate sites, simply because they view pirating as cheap marketing.

Q. [Advanced] How do I eliminate Word’s Indexing Field Codes?

Smashwords does not support indexing, so if your source document uses Word’s
field code for indexed words or phrases, you’ll want to eliminate the field
codes before you upload to Smashwords. The field codes become visible when you
activate Word’s “show/hide” command (as we mention below, you **NEED to
activate “show/hide”** to expose your hidden formatting). Although you could
strip them out manually, it would take hours and will introduce errors. Here’s
a quick tip that takes only seconds: See our Keyboard Shortcuts section learn
how to use Word’s “Find and Replace” feature (type CTRL+H) and then in the
find field enter ^d xe ^? and leave the ‘replace with’ field empty. Then click
‘replace all’. Below is an image of what the indexing field codes look like.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_309df6ad.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_309df6ad.jpg)

  
  

  
  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  

## FORMATTING

  
  

Pre-Prep


* Making Word Behave
Making Word Behave{{{1
Making Microsoft Word Behave

Before you upload your book to Smashwords, follow the steps below to ensure
proper formatting of your book. The first steps focus on making Word behave.

**A note about all the different versions of Word** : You can use any version
of Microsoft Word, even the old versions like Word 2000 (my personal
favorite), Word 2003 (I like this one too), Word 2007 (Steep learning curve,
but a great program once you learn it), and the newer ones such as Word 2010
(nearly identical to Word 2007). Luckily, although the user interface changes
(tell me, Microsoft, why do you make Word more difficult to use with every
version?), the inner guts of Word have remained remarkably similar across all
versions for nearly 20 years. If, for religious reasons you’re hesitant to use
Microsoft Word, please reconsider. If you plan to publish frequently with
Smashwords, it’s a smart investment because you’ll gain better control over
your ebook’s formatting and you’ll save yourself time. If you want to use Open
Office (a good free word processor popular with many Smashwords authors) or
Apple Pages (also popular), you can still use the Style Guide if you’re
careful to implement the intent of the instructions, though you should
understand up front that you might be creating more work for yourself.


* Step 1
Step 1{{{1
Step 1 - Make a Back Up

This goes without saying but I’ll say it anyway. Don’t make the formatting
modifications below on your original document. Instead, open your final
manuscript within Microsoft Word, and create a copy of it by going to **File**
: **Save As** : and then enter a new file name, such as
MySmashwordsMasterpiece, and save it as a **.doc** file (the default in Word
2003 and earlier). In later versions, go to **Save As** : **Word 97-2003**. By
making a backup, if you make any mistakes as you follow my advice you won’t
screw up your original.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 2
Step 2{{{1
Step 2 - Activate Word’s Show/Hide

Word’s “Show/Hide” is of my favorite editing features in Word. It reveals your
hidden formatting. Do this now, **BEFORE** you start formatting, otherwise you
might as well blindfold your eyes. The show/hide feature is designated by the
“¶” mark in the toolbar (I’ve always thought of it as the “reverse P thingy,”
but for you typography purists out there, you know it as a “pilcrow.”), as
shown below.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m5927d073.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m5927d073.png)

The show/hide button helps you view the guts of your formatting

When clicked, it exposes your paragraph returns, extra spaces, tabs, field
codes or strange formatting. It’s a great tool to help polish your document
for the cleanest possible conversions. If it’s not in your toolbar, you can
usually find it in **Tools** : **Options** : **View** and then under
**Formatting Marks** click **All**.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 3
Step 3{{{1
Step 3 - Turn off Word's AutoCorrect: AutoFormat As You Type and AutoFormat
features

I’ve always found Word’s AutoCorrect and AutoFormat-As-You-Type to be Word’s
most annoying features. If you have them engaged, Word will try to guess what
type of formatting you want based on how you write the paragraph, how you
manually format the paragraph, or by how you formatted something before it. If
you upload a Word file to Smashwords with paragraphs formatted inconsistently,
like some paragraphs formatted as “Body Text” and others formatted as “Normal
Text,” the book will look horrible as an ebook. To turn off the features, in
Word 2000 & 2003, go to “ **Tools** ”: “ **AutoCorrect** ,” then click on the
“ **AutoFormat As You Type** ” tab and then uncheck most of the boxes, and
then click on the “ **AutoFormat** ” tab and uncheck the four boxes under “
**Apply**.”

The reason we want to turn off these AutoFormatting options is because later
in the Style Guide, you’re going to try to simplify and normalize your text to
prepare it for conversion. If you don’t turn off AutoFormatting, Word will
cheerfully and automatically mess things up again as you make the corrections
below.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_78ba0c9.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_78ba0c9.jpg)To
access the same screen in Word 2007, Word 2010 or later, click on the round
Microsoft Office button (upper left) then click **Word Options** , then click
**Proofing** , then click the button at right for **AutoCorrect Options**. See
the screen shot below, which is similar for most versions of Word.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m3903380c.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m3903380c.jpg)

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 4
Step 4{{{1
Step 4 – Turn off Track Changes

Make sure you’ve turned off Word’s “Track Changes” feature, also known as
“markup mode.” This is what your book looks like in Markup Mode:

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_45191995.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_45191995.jpg)

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step  5
Step  5{{{1
Step 5 – Use the NUCLEAR METHOD to Purge Hidden Corruption

Your Microsoft Word document can become corrupted if it has been touched by
multiple word processors, or if it originated in a program such as InDesign or
WordPerfect, or if it originated in PDF and then was converted to Word, or if
it was originally created with poor formatting practices.

Luckily, our Nuclear Method purges all your formatting and allows you to start
with a fresh Word document, free of hidden formatting or corrupted styling.
The Nuclear Method is strongly recommended before you start formatting. Most
formatting professionals on Mark’s List employ this method with every book
because it helps you create a good clean multi-format conversion.

The Nuclear Method is also recommended if previous versions of your manuscript
failed to convert, or if you’re struggling with EPUBCHECK errors, text boxes
or tables you can’t find, or if you suspect your book is corrupted.

If you go Nuclear now, you won’t have to do it later.

Here’s how to go Nuclear:

**1.** Make a backup of your manuscript ( **VERY IMPORTANT!** ) if you haven’t
done so already, and set it aside in case the Nuclear Method fails you.

**2.** Copy and paste your entire manuscript into Windows Notepad (usually
found in Programs: Accessories) or any other text editor. This will strip out
all your formatting.

**3.** Close Microsoft Word. Then reopen Microsoft Word so it’s showing a
fresh empty document.

**4.** Return to Notepad, and type CTRL+A (press the CTRL key, hold it down,
then press the A key at the same time) for “select all” (highlights all your
text in the document) then CTRL+C for “copy,” then open a new fresh Word
document and paste the contents of the Notepad document by pressing CTRL+V
(for paste) or click to the menu and click Edit: Paste (in Word 2000 and 2003)
or Home: Paste (Word 2007, 2010).

**5.** From here, you’re ready to format your book. Let’s get started!

  
  

***~~~***


* Step 6
Step 6{{{1
Step 6 – Hug a Loved One

Your manuscript just survived the Nuclear method and surprisingly, it looks
cleaner and crisper than ever. Come to think of it, so do you. You’re looking
pretty dang awesome right now. You’ve got that mysterious author look that
leaves your friends and fans awestruck as they try to guess what’s going on
inside your head.

If this is your first time formatting, before you progress to Step 7, I want
you to take a quick break and hug a loved one. Whether they’re of the fleshy,
furry or feathered variety isn’t important. What is important is to tell your
loved one you’re about to disappear for an hour or two, and you’d prefer they
not interrupt you unless Oprah calls, someone’s choking, or the roof is on
fire. Also tell them if they hear grunts or screaming they’re to bring you a
glass of warm milk or chamomile tea pronto, followed by a shoulder massage.
Got that? Tell ‘em Mark said so.

I care about your mental well-being, and I want this to be fun. You’re about
to publish an ebook!

All set? Okay, let’s go.

  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 7
Step 7{{{1
Step 7 - Managing and Modifying Paragraph Styles, Fonts

Styles are cool. I’m not referring to clothing. Instead, I’m referring to
paragraph styles in Word. Paragraph styles allow you to globally control the
styling of your ebook. You’ll apply a different style to different elements of
your book, and then to change the styling, you just change the style once and
the change will ripple across your book.

What are some of the elements likely to receive custom styling? How about the
front matter, your chapter headings, or the main body of your text?

**Start with Normal Everywhere:** Word comes with many pre-defined paragraph
styles. I recommend you start your formatting adventure by unifying everything
around the Normal style, and then add custom styles later. I’ll show you how
in a bit.

**Why start with Normal?** Since 95% of your book will be the body, i.e. the
words and paragraphs that comprise your main narrative, we start by setting
the entire book to the Normal paragraph style. This saves you time. Then
later, we’ll highlight (by clicking and dragging the mouse over a certain text
region) certain areas of text (such as front matter, chapter headings,
backmatter, then click to the Change Styles menu to either define a new style
for that text, or to assign it to an existing style. Next, I’ll give you a
sneak peek at how we’ll do that.

**How to Control Styles:** To ensure you give Meatgrinder the correct input,
follow these instructions:

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_78ba0c9.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_78ba0c9.jpg)If
you’re using Word 2007 or later, click the **Home** tab, then click the little
arrow under “ **Change Style** ” (see image below)

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m2f2d59ca.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m2f2d59ca.jpg)

… then you’ll see multiple styles listed. Click the down arrow beside Normal,
then click Modify…

  

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m447e908f.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m447e908f.jpg)

… then the following will appear…

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_2fe941da.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_2fe941da.jpg)

… click Format (#1) in the lower left, then click Paragraph (#2) to modify the
paragraph style.

A screen similar to this will appear next:

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_11005825.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_11005825.png)

  
  

In the Steps that follow, we’ll look more closely at the items inside the box
above.

If you’re using an older version of Word (pre-Word 2007), click **Format:
Style** , then on the left click **“Normal”** if it isn’t already highlighted.
In the center pane of the window, under “character preview,” Word will show
you sample text and tell you the default font style for “Normal” text. If it’s
what you want, then you’re good. However, if it’s different (as it was in my
case when I uploaded my novel), then click **Format: Font:** and then select
the font and font size you want. We recommend Times New Roman. Don’t use
exotic fonts because they will not translate well, and they can even cause
your conversions to fail.

Once you learn how to manage your Normal style (or any other style for that
matter), you’ll gain much greater control over the quality of your ebook’s
formatting. You’ll also save a lot of time and headache. For example, you can
define body paragraphs with special first line indents, or with a certain font
or font size, or you can define spacing around your paragraphs (more on this
later in the section that follows).

  
  

Common Categories of Styles Useful for Most Ebooks

What are some of the styles you might want to define? Here are some of my
favorites:

**Normal** – I use Word’s default Normal style, and then modify it to my
purposes. For fiction, I usually configure it for single spaced lines, .3”
first line indent, Times New Roman, 12pt. For non-fiction, such as for this
Style Guide, I configured Normal for block paragraphs (Step 7a below provides
a full discussion to help you decide if first-line indents or block paragraphs
are best for you) with Times New Roman, 12 pt, single spaced lined, and a
trailing after space of 10pt. **Kindle trick:** The Amazon Kindle and its
associated apps (Kindle for PC, Kindle for Mac) automatically insert a
preceding first line indent if one isn’t defined, even on block paragraphs.
This can create an ugly, unprofessional-looking ebook. To overcome this
problem, I configured my Normal to define a “special” first line indent of
1/100th of an inch (.01”) to trick Kindle apps and devices to not
automatically indent my paragraphs. The indent will be imperceptible to most
eyes, and it should prevent Kindle and its apps from inserting the first line
indent where you don’t want it.

I use the “.01” trick here in the Style Guide so it reads well on Kindles.
Here’s how the setting appears in Word’s Paragraph styling window (the
previous image I showed you above):

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_6b7481c8.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_6b7481c8.png)

**Centered** – I usually create a custom style, creatively labeled “Centered,”
which is simply centered text based on my Normal style, but without the first
line indent. I apply it to centered text such as front matter, and to centered
images. In Step 14a later, I’ll share an example of how to create a custom
style for centered text.

**CustomHead** – I call it something different for each manuscript I’m
formatting. You can call this or any other custom style whatever you want. For
the Style Guide, I’ve created a style called “MC custom 14pt” which is the
14pt bold Arial I’m using for section headings. The style defines a page break
before the style, and a trailing 10pt space after each paragraph break. If
this were fiction, I’d probably use a similar style for my chapter heads, but
would add a before and after space of 30 or 40pt, and I’d center it, so the
chapter head sits attractively below the top of the page, and the Normal text
starts a few lines-distance below it.

**Noindent** – For fiction, when you’re doing the first line indent style of
paragraph separation, it’s a nice professional touch to make the first
paragraph of each chapter flush left, without an indent. Most authors don’t
bother, and that’s okay because most readers won’t notice or care, but I think
it’s a nice touch that makes your book look all that much more professional.
The Kindle trick I mentioned above works here as well. You can set your
“special” first line indent to .01”. Here’s how it might look (I garden and
raise chickens, thus the inspiration behind what follows!):

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m7b875fb7.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m7b875fb7.png)

**What You See is (not always) What You Get**. Just because your manuscript on
screen in Microsoft Word looks like it has a font of 12pt Times New Roman, the
book may appear in some of the Smashwords ebook formats as 10 pt Courier or
some other font (this happened to me with my own novel). How does this happen?
The answer is in Word’s underlying paragraph styles. If Word thinks the
defined font size for the “Normal” paragraph style is 11pt Courier, but you
bypassed the underlying style manager and directly highlighted your text on
screen and then selected 12pt Times New Roman (this is called “ **Direct
formatting** ”), the book it passes on to Meatgrinder will be 11pt Courier if
the underlying style defines Courier.

**Cautions about Direct Formatting:** In the example above, where I mentioned
how some people might highlight text and then select a different font size, or
a different font, this is called “Direct formatting,” or “Directly applied
formatting.” You should try to avoid direct formatting, especially to select a
different font size, a different font, or to apply different line spacing or
indents. If you apply direct formatting, you may find it sticks in some
Meatgrinder formats but not others. I’ve found that **bold** and _italics_
work great as directly applied formatting, but for font sizes, font styles,
centering, indents or line spacing, I always control those by modifying the
underlying style, or by creating a new custom style.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_60ef6c20.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_60ef6c20.png)  
  

**Exceptions:** There are certain types of formatting that typically work well
if directly applied, and don’t necessitate the creation of a new custom
paragraph style. Good examples include adding _italics_ , **bolding** , and
underlining.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_757ed0db.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_757ed0db.png)

  

***~~~***

  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 7a
Step 7a{{{1
Step 7a - Choose a Paragraph Separation Method: First Line Indent or Block
Method

It's important you provide your readers visual cues to separate one body
paragraph from the next, otherwise paragraphs blend together and create a
horrible reading experience.

For the body of your book (everything after the title and copyright page),
either use **first line indents** at the beginning of a paragraph, or use the
**block paragraph method**. Don’t mix both first line indents and block style
for the main narrative of your body.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_1ef413c6.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_1ef413c6.png)

Most authors will use centered block paragraphs for their front matter (I
discuss front matter in Step 21 much later), and then first line indents for
most of their body.

This Style Guide uses the block paragraph method, which is common for some
non-fiction such as textbooks and study guides. The first line paragraph
indent method is best for fiction and narrative non-fiction such as novels,
biographies, memoirs and history books. There’s no right or wrong. It’s up to
you!

Although your front matter (title and copyright info) looks best with the
block method, be careful not to mix first-line indents with block paragraphs
in your front matter otherwise it’ll look skewed.

The image below further illustrates the difference between block and first
line indent:

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m76bb8ee4.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m76bb8ee4.png)

  
  

If you’re using the block method, you have two options for separating the
blocks. The first option is to enter a hard paragraph return (hit the Enter
key once) at the end of a paragraph, then hit the Enter key again to create a
blank line. The second option, which I recommend and use here in the Style
Guide, is to modify your paragraph style to define a trailing space. You’ll
find this second method will save you a lot of time and prevent errors.

  

  
  

In the Steps that follow, we’ll look at other examples of how to modify and
control your styling. It’s really easy (and fun) once you know how!

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 7b
Step 7b{{{1
Step 7b - How to Implement Your Chosen Paragraph Separation Method (First Line
Indent or Block)

If you use Word 2000 or 2003, click **Modify: Format: Paragraph** , and then
view the contents (see example below). Make sure the numbers under both left
and right “indentation” are set to 0”.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_78ba0c9.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_78ba0c9.jpg)For
Word 2007 and later, click the Home tab, then click the little “Change Styles”
arrow, as shown in Step 7 above, then click the down arrow for Normal style
(assuming you’re using the Normal style for your body, as we recommend), then
click **Modify** , then click **Format** in the lower left corner, then click
**Paragraph**.

  

The screen you see now will look something similar to what follows:

  

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m617c2c20.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m617c2c20.png)

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)


* Step 7b-a
Step 7b-a{{{1
Step 7b-a - HOW TO DEFINE A PROPER FIRST LINE INDENT

Once you’re at the screen to modify your paragraph style (this screen is
essentially the same for all versions of Word), you can define a first line
paragraph indent for the body of your book by selecting **Special: First line:
By:** [enter .25 or .3 inch. Don’t do indents greater than .5 inch]. When you
desire a first line indented paragraph, make sure the **Spacing** section,
marked by the red oval below, doesn’t define a **Before** or **After** space.
They should be set to 0pt, otherwise you’ll make the mistake of mixing the
first-line indent style with the block style. Once your settings match the
image below, click OK then Apply.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m3e8dadec.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m3e8dadec.png)

After you apply first line indents to the entire document, you’ll go back
later and review your document to clean up any anomalies. For example, you’ll
want to modify your front matter (title and copyright pages) with custom
styles so they’re the block style and centered, because that looks the most
attractive. You may also need to manually remove the first line indent from
other paragraphs or lines that don’t need them, such as chapter headings.

***~~~***

  
  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 7b-b
Step 7b-b{{{1
7b-b - HOW TO DEFINE TRAILING “AFTER” SPACE FOR BLOCK PARAGRAPH METHOD

Reminder: **Do not** follow this step for your Normal paragraph style if you
already selected the first-line indent method in step 7b-a above.

If you want block paragraph styling for the main body of your narrative, then
you’ll select different options from the paragraph styling screen. Under
“Spacing,” as I show in the example below, set the “after” spacing to 6pt or
10pt. For plays, scripts and screenplays, 4pt is pretty good. We generally
don’t recommend less than 4pt or more than 10pt. Then click **OK** and then
**APPLY (or, OK for Word 2007, 2010).**

  
  

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m436182bd.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m436182bd.jpg)

  
  

**If you want to create a new custom block style:** Let’s say you already
selected the first-line indent style for your main body, but you want to use
the block style for your front matter or end matter or some other section.
Step 8 a few sections below shows you how to create a new custom style.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 7b-c
Step 7b-c{{{1
Step 7b-c - SPECIAL TIPS FOR POETRY, COOKBOOKS AND LEARNING MATERIALS

Poetry has some special formatting requirements. The block paragraph
separation method is usually best for poetry, yet you’re not going to want the
trailing “after” space as defined above.

With poetry, you want your stanzas tight, yet you need each poem separate from
the next. If you code your Normal paragraph style to define a trailing “after”
space, the poem won’t look right.

Other content categories that might benefit from the block method but without
trailing spaces include learning materials, such as the multiple choice
example below, or cookbooks.

For poetry and non-fiction that require this more complex layout, below are
two options for your consideration (IMPORTANT: You need to have Word’s
Show/Hide feature activated so you can implement this formatting):

**1.** You can use paragraph returns (don't code them for trailing space.
Instead, code them for single spaced lines).

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_576fd13d.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_576fd13d.jpg)

  

The poem above uses simple paragraph returns at the end of each line, with the
paragraph style coded for no trailing space.

  

**2.** Use manual line feeds plus a paragraph return coded for a trailing
"after" space. This option is a little more complicated, but will get you
great results. To create a manual line feed at the end of a line, click
**Shift and Enter** at the same time. A manual line feed creates a line break
without invoking the styling of your paragraph style, which in the example
below is coded for a trailing 10pt space after each paragraph return. Note how
only the question and the last answer have their lines terminated with a
paragraph return (created by hitting the Enter key). Use this trick for poetry
as well.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m3ed1e68.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m3ed1e68.jpg)

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 7b-d
Step 7b-d{{{1
7b-d - HOW TO DEFINE PROPER LINE SPACING

Did you notice how the line spacing in the image above in **7b-b** is set to
single and the “At:” field is blank? This is good. Line spacing of 1.5 is also
acceptable. Don’t set it to double (will make your book look ugly), and
**NEVER NEVER NEVER** set it to read “Exactly” or “At Least” followed by a
point size specification under the “At:” box.

Line spacing of “at least at” or “exactly at” will usually render your book
unreadable because it can cause lines to overlap on top of one another, or
prevent an e-reading devices font size customization to work. The error is
most commonly introduced when you use a word processor other than Microsoft
Word (such as Open Office). More on the next item below on line spacing error.

  
  

**AVOID THIS COMMON LINE SPACING ERROR:** The image below shows an example of
a common line spacing error mentioned above that will cause your sentences to
overlap and become unreadable. Whether you use the first line indent method or
the block method, make sure the “Line Spacing” is set to “ **Single** ” or “
**1.5** ” and under the “At:” heading it should always remain blank. As I
mentioned in the paragraph above, **NEVER NEVER** allow any entry into the
“At:” field, otherwise your book may become unreadable in the HTML reader and
in the EPUB. If this error slips through our review process, retailers will
remove your book when their customers complain. To determine if this error
might be affecting your document, right mouse click on any paragraph, click
Paragraph, and then you’ll see the box below. As mentioned above, this error
is most commonly caused when you create your manuscript in a program other
than Microsoft Word, and then the non-Word program fails to convert the file
into a proper Word .doc.

  
  

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m12517e81.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m12517e81.png)

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 7b-e
Step 7b-e{{{1
Step 7b-e – MANAGING FONT COLOR

Your ebook will be read on different types of screens. There are the color
screens of tablets and smart phones, and then there are the grayscale screens
typical of E-Ink devices.

We recommend that you avoid using colored fonts because colored fonts could
harm the readability of your text on some devices. It’s also dangerous to rely
on colored fonts to convey information, such as a different person speaking,
or a change of scene or perspective. You don’t know if the e-reading device
will support color, and therefore the color you intend may not appear as you
expect on some devices.

Microsoft Word gives you the ability to control font color. The default
setting in Word is “Automatic,” and this is what you want. It will give you
black text.

You can view your font color settings by in the styles pane for fonts via
**Change Styles: Modify: Format: Font** , or if you highlight a block of text,
right mouse click, then click font. If you followed the steps earlier in this
guide for the Nuclear method, your font should be set at Automatic and you’re
good to go.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m4e28ab8.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m4e28ab8.png)

  
  

**What if your font color is set to “Black”?** Although “Automatic” will give
you black text, you **do not** want the font color setting set to “Black.” If
your font color is set to “Black,” you should change it to Automatic. Why?
Some e-reading devices allow the customer to set their e-reading device to
“night mode,” which will display your book’s text as reverse type. Black text
becomes white, and then the screen background becomes black. If your font
color is hard-coded to “Black” your text color will not reverse in night mode,
and will become invisible against a black background. If your text is hard-
coded to Black, here’s a quick method to fix: Click CTRL-A (press down both
keys at the same time) to highlight your entire document, then right mouse
click on the highlighted text, then click font, and then click the down arrow
under font color and select Automatic, then click OK.

  
  


* Step 8
Step 8{{{1
Step 8 – Apply Custom Styling Where You Don’t Want Normal

As I mentioned earlier, you’ll use the Normal paragraph style for the body of
your work, the words and paragraphs that comprise your main narrative. This is
why we changed everything to Normal at the beginning of your formatting
adventure. Now I’ll show you how to go back and apply custom styles to areas
where you don’t want Normal, such as your front or back matter, or chapter
headings, or the first paragraphs of new chapters where you may want no
indent.

To do this, you’ll highlight (usually by clicking the mouse and dragging over
a certain text region) certain areas of text, then click to the **Home** tab
in Word’s ribbon, then click to **Change Styles**. After you click to Change
Styles, you’ll see a selection of styles to choose from. You can choose one of
the styles, or you can create your own. I usually modify my Normal to suit my
preferences, and then create my own custom styles for the rest.

To create a custom style, click **New Style** (button in the lower left hand
corner of the Styles screen, and then we’ll name and define the style we want.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m99a94c2.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m99a94c2.png)

  

***~~~***

  
  

After you have successfully applied your custom formatting to your blocks of
text, you'll need to go through and re-check the formatting. Some items may
have shifted because of the steps above. Bolds, italics and underlines may
have disappeared, centered items may become flush left, front matter will be
flush left and indented, and spaces between paragraphs may have disappeared.

Here’s how to clean up each of the above.

**Bolds, italics, underlines** – It’s okay to highlight the text with your
mouse and then on Word’s ribbon bar, click the symbol for **bold** , _italics_
or underline to apply direct formatting, but try to only do this in areas
where you’ve already applied the Normal style. If you want every block of text
controlled by a new custom style to be **bold** , or _italics_ , or
underlined, it’s best to define that within the custom style.

**Front matter** – Front matter is at the top of your book, such as the title,
author name, copyright page and optional license statement (see Step 21 below
for help on front matter). I think front matter looks best if it’s centered.
Create a custom style for Centered, if you haven’t already, and then assign it
to your front matter. **Tip:** NEVER use the center button on the ribbon to
center text. If you define the centering within the Style, it’s much more
reliable.

If you find you change the text and suddenly Word labels it something other
than Normal style, then it means you didn’t successfully disable Word’s nasty
auto-format features above in Step 3.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 9
Step 9{{{1
Step 9 – How to Automate the Removal of Tabs and Space Bar Spaces

As I mentioned earlier in this Guide, **NEVER NEVER** use tabs or space bar
spaces to create first line indents, or center, or to orient text on a page.
In fact, never use the Tab key for anything.

If you wrote your book with indents created with tabs or space bar spaces,
don’t fret. You’re not alone. You had no way of knowing it wouldn’t work with
ebooks. But now you’ve got 1,000 instances of the little buggers in your
manuscript. How do you get rid of them without spending 50 hours? Read on…

**How to automate the removal of tabs and spaces** \- If you try to manually
remove, one by one, the tabs and space bar spaces that comprise your indents,
it can take hours and you’ll make mistakes. Luckily, Word’s awesome search-
and-replace feature will handle it in mere seconds (see image below). First,
make sure you have Word’s Show/hide feature activated so you can see your
formatting marks.

If you used tabs, press CTRL+H (hold down the CTRL key and the H key at the
same time) to "find and replace,” or from the menu select Edit: Replace. Then
for the “ **Find what** ” line enter ^t (the “caret t” is the symbol for tab)
and then in the **Replace with** space don't enter anything. Then click
**Replace All**. If you want to see them one by one before you replace them,
then click **Find Next** and then click **Replace**.

After you zap all your tabs, remember to modify your Normal paragraph style
(if you haven’t already) to define a “Special First Line Indent” of .25” or .3
inch. Don’t go more than .5 inch.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_517f4cb5.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_517f4cb5.jpg)

To eliminate all your tabs, enter ^t in “find what” and in the “replace with”
line, leave it blank.

If instead of tabs you have space bar spaces for indents, then click your
mouse to the “ **Find what** ” field, and hit your space bar by the same
number of spaces you normally use for your indents, and then hit “replace
all”. After you do this, you may go back and realize that you have spots in
your book where there are still one or two space bar spaces preceding the
first lines of your paragraphs. If this is the case, you can’t repeat the
process above to zap all your single or double spaces, because this will cause
you to delete the spaces separating sentences. The solution is to do a Find
and Replace on **^p** **space space** , and then replace with **^p** only. The
**^p** is the symbol for a paragraph return, so this trick is basically
telling word to replace all instances of two space bar spaces that immediately
follow a paragraph return. This way, you isolate the space bar spaces that
precede the start of a new paragraph. Next, repeat it with a Find and Replace
on **^p space** , then replace with **^p** only.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 10
Step 10{{{1
Step 10 - Managing Paragraph Returns

Make sure you only have paragraph returns at the end of a paragraph, not at
the end of each sentence or every line (unless of course you’re doing poetry).
A paragraph return, created by hitting the “Enter” key on your keyboard, tells
the reading device it’s the end of the paragraph. They look like this: **“**
**¶”** when you have Show/Hide activated (see Step 2 above). If you do not
have the show/hide feature activated now, stop what you’re doing and activate
it, otherwise you’re editing blind.

Do not use multiple consecutive paragraph returns to force page breaks or to
arrange text on the screen, because they’ll create a poor reading experience
by creating blank pages or unsightly gaps in small-screened e-reading devices.
They will also cause an AutoVetter error and prevent you from achieving
Premium Catalog status. A good rule is to never use more than four consecutive
paragraph returns to arrange text on the page.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m220c5a59.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m220c5a59.jpg)

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 11
Step 11{{{1
Step 11 - Managing External Hyperlinks

Hyperlinks can point outside your book, like to a web address, or inside your
book, using the bookmark feature (more on this later when I show you how to
create a hyperlinked Table of Contents!). In this Step, I’ll show you how to
create hyperlinks that point outside your book.

Web addresses become clickable hyperlinks in the HTML reader at the Smashwords
store, and in our EPUB, MOBI and PDF versions.

Use hyperlinks judiciously. If your book contains too many hyperlinks, the
hyperlinks can backfire by becoming landmines if the reader accidentally
touches them. This is especially true with mobile devices such as the iPhone
or iPad, where the reader is scrolling through pages by swiping the screen
with their finger.

Also, distraction is a common risk on the Internet, so if you give your reader
too many chances to slip out of your story and read something else, you’ll
lose them.

To place a proper external hyperlink within Microsoft Word, highlight the text
you want to hyperlink, then right mouse click on the highlighted text. Let’s
say I wanted to link to the Smashwords Blog. Here’s how I’d do it.

First I’d highlight the text, **The Smashwords Blog** by clicking and dragging
my mouse across the text. Next, I’d right mouse click the text, then select
the **Hyperlink** option.

The **Insert Hyperlink** screen will appear (below).

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_2802b105.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_2802b105.png)

Then click **“Existing File or Web Page”** option on the left under the “Link
to” column, then in the **Address** field at the bottom I’ll enter a full web
address of the destination, such as
[http://blog.smashwords.com](http://blog.smashwords.com/). Be sure to include
the **http://** portion of the web address, otherwise your hyperlink won’t
work and it’ll cause errors in EPUBCHECK (more on that later). In the “Text to
display” field you’ll see the text you highlighted. After you add a link,
click OK, then from your document click on it to test it. In most versions of
Word, you need to hold down the **Ctrl** key before it’ll let you click on a
hyperlink.

We’ll explore how to create links that point inside the book later on in Step
21a when I show you how to create a Linked Table of Contents.

Guidelines for hyperlinking

**No Affiliate Links** : If your hyperlinks link to affiliate marketing pages
(common in “get rich quick” books), we may close your account without warning
because this is a violation of our [Terms of
Service](http://www.smashwords.com/about/tos). Our retailers don’t want their
books used as advertising vehicles.

**Competitive Retailer Links** : Don’t include links to different ebook
retailers within your book. It’s not considerate, for example, to ask Barnes &
Noble to carry a book that encourages their reader to go to Apple or Amazon
for more books. It’s okay to link to your Smashwords author profile page, but
don’t include text such as “Buy my books at Smashwords!”

**PDFs** – Don’t link to PDFs, because not all e-reading devices may support
the PDF format.

  
  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 12
Step 12{{{1
Step 12 - Designating Chapter Breaks, Page Breaks and Section Breaks

If you insert page breaks into your Word document ( **Insert** : **Break** :
[choose one]), most ebook formats will honor them, but not all. Loss of page
breaks is okay in an ebook, because you can’t predict the font size or screen
size the reader is using, and you want to have continuous reflowable text
anyway. The worst thing that will happen is paragraphs may become artificially
close or too separated.

I like to define page breaks within my heading styles. So, for example, if I
want my chapter heading to appear at the top of a new page, I’ll code the
paragraph style for my heading to define a preceding page break. Click to open
the Change Styles menu, select the paragraph style you want to define a
preceding page break, then click modify, then click format (shown below), then
click Paragraph (show below), and then on the Paragraph styling page click the
tab labeled “Line and Page Breaks” and then click the check box for “Page
break before” and then click OK.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m433f7737.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m433f7737.png)

If you use manually insert page breaks (not using the Styles manager as shown
above), be sure to enter a paragraph return or two before and after the break
so that if your manually-inserted break disappears in some formats, your
paragraphs don’t smash together.

Remove all section breaks from your document. They can create unnecessary
blank space in your ebook.

If you want to separate chapters, insert a consistent number of paragraph
returns (maybe three or four), or use a combination of a couple paragraph
returns, followed by centered text characters such as “~~~~” or “* * * *”
followed by a couple more paragraph returns and possibly chapter headings if
you have them.

As you’ll learn in Step 20 below, Meatgrinder has the ability to automatically
detect some chapter headings, and if it does detect them, it’ll automatically
insert preceding page breaks into your .epub and .mobi files.

The general rule for formatting is “simpler is better.” **DO NOT** use a long
series (more than four) paragraph returns anywhere in your book to try to
arrange words on a page, or to designate page breaks, because not only will
this cause your book to be rejected from the Premium Catalog, it’ll also
create a lot of awful looking blank space in your ebook. Some ebook reading
devices will add extra padding after each paragraph return, so if you add
multiple paragraph returns this can create excessive spacing between
paragraphs.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 13
Step 13{{{1
Step 13 - Working with Images

If you have images, they should be embedded in your Word file with the
**Insert** : **Picture: As File** option. If the images are critical to your
book, then when you publish your book uncheck the checkbox ebook option for
“Plain Text” because photos and charts don’t translate into plain text. If the
images are a nice-to-have but not a need-to-have, then go ahead and allow the
Plain Text option.

You can insert .JPEG or .PNG images. We find that .PNG works best.

**File Upload Limit, 10MB**. The source .doc file you upload must be less than
10 megabytes in size. To determine your file size, right mouse click on your
Word .doc file and click properties. If your file is greater than 10MB, users
of Word 2003 and later can use Word’s awesome **Compress** feature, which will
dramatically reduce the file size without visibly harming quality. Simply
right-mouse click on an image, click **Format Picture** , and then click the
**Compress** button. Next, click the **All pictures in document** radio
button, then click **Web/Screen** (selects the 96dpi compression), then click
**OK**.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m23f2a3df.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m23f2a3df.jpg)

**High resolution images?** If your images are high resolution or print
quality, this high resolution will be lost on most e-reading screens because
screens don’t support print resolution. When you downgrade to 96 dpi, you
won’t visibly harm quality and you’ll create an ebook that downloads faster.

**Resizing images:** If you reduce the dimensions of an image by clicking the
corner and dragging it inward, some ebook file outputs will respect the new
dimensions, though Kindle may not. It’s best to resize your images before you
import them into the Word .doc. Paint.net is a good free software program that
will allow you to resize your images.

**No floating images:** Do not use floating images (if you can click on the
image and drag it, it’s floating) because your image may appear in
unpredictable places after the conversion. To anchor floating images, right
mouse click on the image, then click **Format Picture** , then click
**Layout** , then click **In Line With Text** , then click **save** , then
click Word’s center button (or better yet, as recommended above, create a
custom style for Centered text, and then apply that style to your image).

**Images with embedded text:** Avoid embedding text within an image, as is
common with some children’s picture books. It’s best to remove text and place
it above or below the image as reflowable text. This ensures that readers can
resize the text to meet their reading preferences, and it also ensures that
the text is readable and reflowable across all screen sizes.

**Cover image inside Word .doc?** : It’s not necessary to insert your cover
image into the Word .doc. Meatgrinder automatically inserts your cover image
into your .epub and .mobi files, so if you do insert the cover image it’ll
cause the cover to appear twice in these file formats. For more instructions
regarding cover images, see Step 23 later in this guide.

Open Office users only: Open Office users often have trouble with images,
because OO defaults to floating. If you’re an Open Office user, try entering a
paragraph return on a blank line where you want the image to appear, and then
click in front of the paragraph return and go to **Insert: Picture: From
File** , then select the image to import it, then right mouse click on the
image in Open Office, then select **Anchor: As Character** , then click your
mouse to the right of the image, then click OO’s center button to center the
image.

We’ve also found that images work best if you keep their dimensions small. If
your current image runs the length of a 6 inch wide page, it may not display
properly on the smaller screens of some ereading devices. Restrict interior
images to widths of around 500 pixels or less. Before you import images into
your manuscript, use a photo editing tool such as Photoshop or a free utility
such as Paint.net at <http://www.getpaint.net/> or Picasa by Google at
[http://picasa.google.com](http://picasa.google.com/), to reduce the
dimensions and file size. If you insert an image that reaches beyond the left
or right perimeter of your page margins, it may cause some of your conversions
to fail, or your image may not display properly. Also be sure to remove first
line indents on images, because the first line indent could cause your image
to shift off of the page.

If you want a page break inserted before an image, try clicking on the image
and coding it as a Heading style. This should insert a page break in EPUB and
MOBI.

If you try to upload a 15 megabyte manuscript to Smashwords because you didn’t
reduce the image sizes, Meatgrinder will not accept your book for conversion
and you’ll receive an error message. Compress your images first.

  
  


* Step 14
Step 14{{{1
Step 14 - Text Justification

I’ve found that text converts most cleanly if it’s all flush left, or flush
left with first line indents. Centered text works well, especially for your
title and copyright page, and especially if the centering is defined by the
underlying style. I don’t recommend using Word’s “Justify” command, which
attempts to spread your words evenly from margin to margin without leaving
spaces at the end of each line. The PDF conversion can sometimes look odd for
justified text. If you love justified text, then go ahead and try it - the
results may still be acceptable to you.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  

  
  


* Step 14a
Step 14a{{{1
Step 14a - Centering Text

You may notice that even after you use Word’s button to center text, such as
the title and copyright page, or *** separators, the RTF conversion doesn’t
preserve the centering. Here’s how to force it to stick: Try creating a new
custom paragraph style, based on Normal, that defines centering.

Here’s how to create a custom paragraph style. Option 1. If you have the Style
box in your main Word ribbon, then click the down arrow, then click Add.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m344abb0a.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m344abb0a.jpg)

  
  

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_78ba0c9.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_78ba0c9.jpg)Option
2. In Word versions 2007 and later, click Home: then under the “Change Styles”
option, click the sideways down arrow.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m2f2d59ca.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m2f2d59ca.jpg)

… then in the lower left of the next screen,click the “AA” symbol

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m534c5c50.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m534c5c50.jpg)

… After you do Option 1 or 2 above, the following screen appears. …

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m389f2980.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m389f2980.jpg)

Give your custom style a name, such as “Centered”. Note that the style is
based on “Normal”. This means the style will inherit the default definitions
of Normal unless you specify otherwise. If your Normal style defines a first
line indent, then click the Format button in the lower left, click to
Paragraph, and then remove the special first line indent on the next screen.
When you return to the screen above, you can click Word’s center button to
define centered, and then click the box for “Automatically Update” if you want
the changes you later make on screen to automatically modify the underlying
paragraph style for all your usage of this style in your manuscript. Click OK
when you’re finished. Later, to apply the style, simply highlight the text you
want centered, and then select the style from either the style box in your
menu, or from the Change Styles menu.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 15
Step 15{{{1
Step 15 - Managing Font Sizes

Minimize font size variation in your book, otherwise your book can look ugly.
Some of the best-looking books on Smashwords use 12pt for the body and 14pt
for the book title on the cover page, and for headings. If you must use
different font sizes, minimize the range of their variance. For example, if
your Normal paragraph style defines 12 point, don’t use a 20 point header. We
recommend you keep your largest font size to 14 for body text. Frequent and/or
dramatic font size variations are jarring to your reader’s eye and can reduce
readership, because each time you change the font size their eye must refocus.
Dramatic variations in font sizes can also cause unwelcome glitches in some of
the conversions, such as causing the large point text to bleed onto the
smaller point text. Most of our ebook formats support multiple font sizes.

If after uploading your manuscript you receive an Autovetter message for a
font size error, it means one or more of your styles define a font size larger
than 20 pt. Simply modify the underlying style definition under the Change
Styles menu and then upload again using the “Upload new version” link in your
Dashboard.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 16
Step 16{{{1
Step 16 - Style Formatting, Symbols and Glyphs

_Italics_ , underlines, and strikethroughs work well. Some symbols (such as é
î ® © Ω ∑) may translate, but test your book in EPUB to ensure they work
properly. Rather than using the © (circled c for copyright), just use the word
‘copyright’, because some e-reading devices and formats will turn it into a
question mark. As a general practice, avoid symbols (created by “INSERT:
SYMBOL”) because they may turn into question marks in some ebook formats. If
you observe what appears to be empty vertical rectangle boxes in your Word
file when you have Show/Hide activated, this is often a form of corruption
caused by bad symbol conversions from one word processor to another. Delete
them, otherwise these characters may turn into question marks in your finished
ebook.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_a3ac55.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_a3ac55.png)

Glyphs are little graphical touches you can use to separate sections of the
book. They’re images, added by clicking **Insert: Picture: From File** within
Word. Let’s say I like pigeons (because I do), and I’m writing a book about
their amazing ability to find their way home. I might decide to separate my
sections with a glyph of a pigeon (above, below).

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_a3ac55.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_a3ac55.png)

If you decide to upgrade your book with glyphs, choose an image that fits the
theme of your book. If you’re writing epic fantasy, it might be an image of a
magical battle ax. Glyphs work best as small, simple black images or simple
uniform illustrations. Apply your custom centered paragraph style to your
image to ensure proper placement. Don’t go overboard with glyphs because you
run the risk of ruining a perfectly good ebook. If your glyph distracts from
the story, you’re overdoing it.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 17
Step 17{{{1
Step 17 - Headers and Footers

These generally remain in the PDF and RTF versions but disappear in the other
versions. We recommend you remove all headers and footers from your Word .doc
file. Definitely remove auto-page numbering because it can trigger a text-box
error.

  
  


* Step 18
Step 18{{{1
Step 18 - Margins, Page Sizes and Indents

Try to format your book to adhere to Word’s standard margins for printing,
otherwise your PDF and RTF files won’t print well or present well on screen.
Authors often ask if they should format for American-style pages (8.5 X11
inch) or A4. About 60% of Smashwords customers are American, so it’s really up
to you.

**HOW TO FIX WACKY INDENTS** : If your indents are pulled too far to the left
or right, it will cause your text to flow off the page and become unreadable
in some e-reading devices. It helps to have your ruler bar activated to detect
this problem. To fix, do a **CTRL+A** on your entire document, then right
mouse click on **Paragraph** , then set the **Left:** and **Right:
Indentation** to **0”.**

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_125cca4c.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_125cca4c.jpg)

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 19
Step 19{{{1
Step 19 - Add the Heading Style to Your Chapter Headings (Optional)

Word offers various Heading styles, usually for use with the start of chapters
or sections. Some of our ebook formats such as EPUB and MOBI will
automatically insert a page break before each Heading, which is a nice touch
because it allows your chapter to start at the top of the page on the
e-reading device.

**Warnings!** Be careful with the Heading style, though, because if you use it
too often or in the wrong place, the beneficial page breaks I mentioned above
will become an annoying formatting error that makes your book difficult to
read because it’ll create one line pages (annoying). Only apply the Heading
style to a single sentence, and NEVER across more than two paragraph returns
in a row, otherwise you’ll have one paragraph per page (Bad). Also don’t use
the Heading style for body copy, or for your front matter or table of contents
at the top of the book. Headings are just for headings.

**Are Heading Styles for You?** As mentioned in the heading for this step, the
Heading Style is optional. One advantage of using a specially defined
paragraph style is that it gives you more control over the look of the text.
For example, your Normal paragraph style might define 12pt Times New Roman,
but maybe you want your headings to be 14pt Helvetica Bold Italics and
centered. Although you could manually alter each Normal heading to reflect the
formatting you want, it’s time consuming, prone to error if you forget to
implement everything consistently, and as we learned above, it’s not a best
practice. If you’re going to use a Heading style or a custom heading style for
your chapter headings, for example, you want them all to be consistent. This
is why it’s much better to use either a predefined heading style, or a custom
heading style. By defining each heading with the Heading style or custom
style, you can automatically apply the style to all instances that use that
style, and then if later you decide you want to change the style, you can do
it just once and it’ll update all your headings.

**Should you use Word’s Heading styles or your own custom heading styles?**
Your choice. I like to create my own custom styles. Word’s styles often define
a color, such as light blue, and I don’t prefer that. I also like to add
custom before and after spacing. When formatting a novel, for example, I think
it looks great if the chapter heading is centered with a before space of about
48 pt and after space of about 24 or 36 pt. This sets the Chapter heading at
the top of the page, but down a little so it’s not hugging the top. You do
what you like best! Experiment.

**How to Implement Headings:** To implement, highlight your chapter headings
and then select a heading style, such as Heading 2. If you want to modify your
Heading to have different characteristics, such as a different font size,
color or alignment, see **Step 7** above which shows you how to modify your
paragraph styles.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 20
Step 20{{{1
Step 20 - BUILDING NAVIGATION INTO YOUR MANUSCRIPT

Smashwords makes it easy to build navigational elements into your manuscript
so your book becomes more accessible and more valuable to readers. I’ll review
three primary navigation elements in this step: the **NCX file** , the
**linked Table of Contents (ToC)** and **Non-ToC intra-book links**
(Footnotes/Endnotes/other).

As a companion to the sections that follow in Step 20, I created a YouTube
video which walks you through many of the steps involved in adding navigation
to your Smashwords ebook. The video is at
<http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpB9hmlgeU4> and you’ll find a corresponding
blog post about it at [ http://blog.smashwords.com/2013/11/how-to-add-
navigation-to-smashwords.html](http://blog.smashwords.com/2013/11/how-to-add-
navigation-to-smashwords.html)

[
![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m258ebaea.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m258ebaea.png)](http://blog.smashwords.com/2013/11/how-
to-add-navigation-to-smashwords.html)


* Step 20a
Step 20a{{{1
Step 20a - Creating the NCX File

NCX stands for Navigation Control file for XML. I like to think of the NCX as
a meta-ToC, since the file and the navigation actually reside outside the
book, but point back into the book (What you know as an EPUB file is really a
zipped combination of multiple files of which the .NCX is only one).

A well-formed NCX file adds useful navigation for your reader in both the
.epub and .mobi (Kindle) formats. Readers and retailers appreciate an NCX,
especially for books with multiple chapters, headings or sections.

**How Meatgrinder Generates an NCX:** Meatgrinder utilizes a three-step
approach to generate an NCX, depending on how you constructed your book. When
you upload your Word .doc file to Smashwords, our Meatgrinder conversion
system will analyze your file. First, it’ll search for a linked ToC. If it
sees a linked ToC, it will use the linked ToC to guide its generation of the
NCX.

If the book lacks a linked ToC, then Meatgrinder will search for chapters
preceded by the word “Chapter.” If it finds chapters, it will automatically
generate an NCX using your Chapter labels.

If Meatgrinder does not detect either a linked ToC or the presence of
Chapters, it will automatically create the two-part NCX (this is the least
desirable option).

Let’s examine each of these options so you can decide which approach will work
best for you.

Three options for creating an NCX at Smashwords:

**1.** **Create a linked Table of Contents (best approach):** This is my
recommended approach, because it gives you total control over how Meatgrinder
constructs your NCX entries.

For example, if you have a linked Table of Contents in your novel’s Word .doc
with the following entries…

  
  

Table of Contents


* Step 20b
Step 20b{{{1
Step 20b - Creating a Hyperlinked Table of Contents

A Table of Contents (ToC) makes it easy for your reader to view the major
chapters and sections of your book. You’ll place your ToC inside your
manuscript below the title/copyright page and immediately before the start of
your book. As mentioned in the preceding section, your linked ToC will assist
Meatgrinder when it automatically generates your NCX.

Once you make your ToC a _Linked Table of Contents_ , readers can click the
links and jump straight to the linked section. This is a cool feature of
ebooks not possible in print books. Readers can click around inside your book,
independent of the NCX. Although Adobe Digital Editions makes the NCX super-
accessible to the reader, most e-reading devices place the NCX behind a tab
labeled “Table of Contents,” or something similar, which means the reader has
to click twice to access the links rather than clicking once, as they can do
by clicking directly on your linked ToC items.

You’ll construct your linked ToC using Word’s Bookmark feature. We recommend
you don’t use Word’s auto-ToC generating feature found in Word 2007 and later
versions at **References** : **Table of Contents** , because it utilizes field
codes and that’s not the best approach.

Who Needs a Linked ToC?

I think every book should have a linked ToC, even novels. Read on to learn
why.

Linked ToCs are a near-necessity for non-fiction because readers are more
likely to require the ability to jump from section to section.

I also recommend a Linked ToC for fiction because it allows the author to
provide the reader useful reference points. If you have named chapters or
sections or parts, or if you’re publishing a collection of short stories, a
linked ToC is great. If you have backmatter at the end of your book (and you
should!) such as “About [Your Author Name],” “Connect with [Your Author
Name],” or “Other Books by [Your Author Name],” a linked ToC will help direct
readers there. These backmatter sections offer you powerful marketing benefit,
and the linked ToC and corresponding NCX make these sections accessible to
readers.

If your chapters are only labeled, “Chapter 1, Chapter 2, Chapter XX” and you
don’t have additional sections at the end, then there’s little need for a ToC
inside your book. In this case, Meatgrinder will automatically generate the
NCX from your “Chapter X..” headings. However, if you want your NCX to link to
your enhanced backmatter, then another option is to create a simplified link
ToC that includes the following sections:

Start of [book title]

About Jane Smith

Other books by Jane Smith

Connect with Jane Smith

  

If you follow the instructions below, your linked ToC will work in our most
important formats of EPUB, MOBI and PDF. Linked TOCs of any form don’t work in
our other formats such as the online HTML readers, and of course it won’t work
in our .txt files either.

**Planning your ToC** : If your book has dozens or even hundreds of individual
sections, avoid the inclination to link to every single item. A ToC with too
many items creates a dizzying experience for your reader. Sometimes, less is
more. Consider linking only to major section headings. Also consider how the
reader will read your book. Fiction is usually read serially, from word one
forward. Although an NCX listing chapter numbers is moderately useful,
consider adding other worthwhile links pointing to the end of the book such as
“About the author,” “Other Books by this Author,” or “Endnotes.” If you’re
including free sample chapters of your other books at the end of this book
(often a good idea), link to the start of your free sample from your Linked
ToC.

  
  

How to create a linked Table of Contents.

Here’s a quick checklist of the steps I’ll guide you through to create a
linked ToC:

  
  

**First** , type out your table of contents at the start of your book,
immediately following your title and copyright pages, and preceding the start
of your prologue, preface or first chapter. As you type out your ToC items,
make sure your text is in the Normal paragraph style, just like the rest of
your Smashwords document, or give it a custom style that either makes it flush
left or centered. **DO NOT** create your ToC in Heading style. **Avoid**
adding empty paragraph returns between the lines to build separation between
the TOC items, and only add items you intend to hyperlink.

  

Here’s what your ToC might look like at first:

  

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m6802b47a.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m6802b47a.png)

  
  

You can left-justify it (as I did above) or center it using the instructions
in Step 14A to apply a custom paragraph style that defines centering. Never
indent your ToC because it’ll be unsightly if it word-wraps on a small screen.

**Next** , we are going to use Word’s **Insert: Bookmark** feature.

Think of the **bookmark** as your _target_ – it’s what you want to _link to_.
It’s the destination for the reader after they click the link in your ToC.

Later, after you add each bookmark you’ll link to it from somewhere else, and
in this case that “somewhere else” is most likely the Table of Contents at the
top of your book.

So, to review where I’m taking you here, first you’ll tag the chapter or
section headings in your body as **Bookmarks** , and next you’ll return to
your ToC and add the links _to_ the bookmarks.

I’ll show you the step-by-steps next.

  
  

ADDING BOOKMARKS:

**Caution:** If prior to starting your ToC-linking adventure, you changed your
chapter and section headings to one of Word’s default Heading styles, such as
Heading 2, then these headings will probably appear as bookmarks with names
starting with an underscore such as “_xxx” when you later go to select a
target during the hyperlinking process. **Do not** link to Word’s auto-
generated Heading bookmarks. It’s better to create your own Bookmarks.

The image below gives you an overview of how to operate Word’s bookmark
feature.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m8df3fd9.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m8df3fd9.png)

In Word 2000, 2003 and 2007 and later, the **Bookmark** function is under the
**Insert** tab. In the Mac version of Word, click the Insert link, which is
above your ribbon menu.

**Mac users:** Visit [ http://blog.smashwords.com/2013/11/how-to-add-
navigation-to-smashwords.html](http://blog.smashwords.com/2013/11/how-to-add-
navigation-to-smashwords.html) for some Mac-specific bookmarking and
hyperlinking instructions.

To apply bookmarks, go through your document, and at each Chapter Start
(assuming you want your linked ToC to link to every Chapter) or section
heading, you will highlight the words and then select **Insert: Bookmark**.
Make sure you have show/hide activated so you can accurately apply the
bookmark. As mentioned above, **DO NOT** place the bookmark above or below the
target text, and NEVER apply a single bookmark across multiple paragraphs.
You’ll see this well-illustrated in my YouTube tutorial at
<http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpB9hmlgeU4>

Bookmark names cannot have spaces or odd characters. Use only alphanumeric
characters (the letters a-z or the numbers 0-9).

When you name your bookmark, choose a label corresponding to the
Chapter/Indexed item and then click add. Use the first word of your heading or
section you’re linking to, because later on, when you add the hyperlinks to
these bookmark targets, Word displays the bookmark shortcuts in alphabetical
order and it’s helpful to have a bookmark name that matches the section. For
example, you might want to label Chapter One as “c1” without the quotes. If
you’re working with a lot of bookmarks, simple logical names will be easier
for you to work with and remember.

Repeat the process above for every Chapter heading or **major** section in
your body as well as for other sections in the book like index, bibliography,
epilogue, prologue, etc. The operative word here is _major_. It’s not
necessary to link to every section and subsection. I didn’t link to every
section in the Style Guide, because otherwise the ToC would have been three
pages long. Consider how your reader will read your book, and which links
would be useful to them. This is your call.

  
  

LINKING TO BOOKMARKS (AKA “Targeting your bookmarks)

**Next** , you will create your hyperlinked ToC by linking your ToC items to
your target bookmarks. Highlight the text of your ToC item, such as “Chapter
Five: My Amazing Formatting Journey,” then right mouse click, click
**Hyperlin** k, then in Word’s Hyperlink menu on the left hand side, click “
**Place in this document.** ” Alternatively, you can accomplish the same thing
by highlighting the text, then from Word’s ribbon menu select **Insert:
Hyperlink: Place in this document.**

You will now see your bookmarks listed in the main window. Remember, if you
applied Word’s Heading paragraph style earlier, it will present you Word’s
auto-generated bookmarks, which usually begin with an underline, such a “_X…”
Avoid those like the plague, or delete them.

Select your bookmark and then click ok. Then highlight the text of your next
ToC item, and repeat this **Insert: Hyperlink: Place in this document**
procedure for every bookmarked chapter or item in the ToC for which you want
to create a clickable link.

**Tips:** **1.** All items in your TOC should be hyperlinked. **2.** The text
string you select and hyperlink in the ToC is the same text string that will
appear in your NCX.

  
  

OPTIONAL: LINKING BODY PARTS BACK UP TO THE TOP

Here in the Style Guide, you probably noticed that between chapters, I provide
“Back to the top” hyperlinks that take you back up to the top of the book.
This is a useful technique for non-fiction, especially if you expect the
reader might use your book as a reference tool, or might read your sections
out of order. For fiction, such links are not useful, so feel free to avoid
them.

Some authors prefer to link their chapter or section heading text (such as
“Chapter 6: How the Style Guide Made Me a Super Fabulous Formatter”) back up
to the ToC. Other authors prefer to insert other text as their linkable item,
such as, “back to top.” I chose the latter option for the Style Guide because
the text string clearly tells the reader what will happen if they click the
link.

This technique can also be used to link from endnotes or indexes back up into
the body of the book. I’ll explore that in the Step 20c after this one.

  
  

Here are the steps to link back up to the ToC:

**1.** Return to your table of contents at the top of your book and highlight
the phrase “Table of Contents.” Click **Insert** , **Bookmark** , and label
this last bookmark “ref_TOC” without the quote marks. By preceding the
bookmark name with “ref_” you’re telling Meatgrinder to not put anything
pointing to that link in the NCX. This helps prevent duplicate NCX items. This
will allow you to link back to the ToC from multiple places in the book as I
did here in the Style Guide.

**2.** From your ToC, click on a ToC item’s link to jump to your chapter or
section heading target. In Word 2000, you just click the hyperlink, but in
later versions you must press on the CTRL key at the same time you click the
hyperlink.

**3.** After you click from your ToC to the target item’s bookmark, highlight
the text that you want to link back to your ToC. Click and drag your mouse to
highlight the text, but remember not to highlight multiple paragraphs. You
want to highlight only a single word or phrase, whatever you want to appear
like a clickable item.

**4.** Next, click **Insert: Hyperlink** , and then select “ **Place in this
document**.”

**5**. The bookmarks will appear in the main window. Select the bookmark
labeled “ref_TOC,” assuming that’s what you named your Table of Contents in
the step above.

**6.** Repeat the above for each and every location where you want to provide
the reader a clickable path back up to the ToC.

**Tip:** **DO NOT** highlight your phrase, “Table of Contents” and link it to
the bookmark of itself. This can cause problems, and it’s not necessary
because there’s no value for the reader to link to where they’re already at.

  
  


* Step 20c
Step 20c{{{1
Step 20c – Advanced Bookmarking: Footnotes, Endnotes and other Intra-book
links

You can link any part of your book to any bookmark. Above, I showed you how to
link from your ToC down to your target bookmarks in the body of your book, and
then how to build hyperlinks within the book that point back up to the ToC. In
this section, I’ll show you how to create other types of “intra-book”
hyperlinks.

**Warning:** If you don’t name the bookmarks properly you can corrupt your
NCX. This section will show you how to do intra-book links the right way.

Intra-book hyperlinks makes it possible to link between sections, or to
manually create linked footnotes, endnotes or indexes, or to create “name your
own adventure” books where the reader decides what happens next in the story.
Don’t go overboard with bookmarks and internal hyperlinks. If you place too
many links in your book, they can act like landmines if the reader
accidentally touches them.

As mentioned earlier, when Meatgrinder sees hyperlinked text in your linked
ToC, it places the highlighted text in your NCX file, and this what your
reader will see when they view your NCX. However, if you create non-ToC intra-
book links within your book, such as footnotes/endnotes in the body
hyperlinked down your footnotes/endnotes sections, you don’t want Meatgrinder
to misinterpret that link as something you want added to your NCX file (and
you don’t want footnotes/endnotes and other non-TOC links showing up in your
NCX). To prevent your NCX from picking up these elements, you can **neuter**
the bookmark by starting the name of your bookmarks with “ref_” (remove the
“quote“ marks).

So, for example, let’s say in the body of your book you have several endnote
references, with linked text named 1, 2, 3, 4, etc., and they link down to
your endnotes or bibliography section. By renaming the endnote bookmarks to
ref_1, ref_2, etc, Meatgrinder will know not to place the linked text into the
NCX. Your endnotes or bibliography at the end of your book may also hyperlink
back up to the origin of the referenced footnote/endnote, so be sure to name
those bookmarks starting with “ref_” as well, and give them a different name
than the endnote bookmarks, such as ref_n1, ref_n2, etc.

Bottom line, if you don’t want your NCX to include a link pointing to a
specific bookmark, then neuter the bookmark by starting it with the “ref_”
name.

In the ToC-building section above, I recommended naming your Table of Contents
bookmark as ref_TOC. Why? We’ve noticed that in some instances, Meatgrinder
will create corrupted NCX files that include duplicate NCX entries at the end
of the NCX. If your Table of Contents bookmark starts with ref_ it’ll help
prevent this problem.

  
  


* Step 20d
Step 20d{{{1
Step 20d – Testing and Troubleshooting Linked ToCs and links

  
  

TESTING: WALKING THE WALK WITH YOUR TOC

After you finish the links, all your links will be underlined. Carefully test
every link in your book to make sure they’re operating properly. As I
mentioned above, in some old versions of Word you can just click your mouse on
the link, and in other versions you press the CTRL key at the same time you
click.

There are two good methods of testing:

**1.** Click on each linked item in your ToC. Does it go to the proper
destination? If a link jumps you to the top of your book and not to your Table
of Contents, it means you’re not linking to a valid bookmark. Make sure it
doesn’t link you above or below the target destination.

**2.** Click **Insert: Bookmark** , and the Bookmark window will appear. Click
on a Bookmark item, then click **GoTo**. This is a fast method of ensuring
your bookmarks go to the right destination and that they **DO NOT** span
multiple paragraphs (make sure you have show/hide activated).

  
  

REMOVE HIDDEN BOOKMARKS

After you’ve completed your testing, do this step last. Word has the bad habit
of inserting “Hidden” bookmarks into your document, and in some cases these
hidden bookmarks can corrupt your NCX. Once you’re finished hyperlinking the
guts of your book, and testing the accuracy of your links, check for and
delete hidden bookmarks. To find them, click Insert: Bookmark, then try
clicking and unclicking the checkbox beside “Hidden Bookmarks.” Hidden
bookmarks start with an underline, such as, “_Hlt29XXXX” Click the name of the
hidden bookmark, which always look like gibberish, then click the Delete
button at right. You might have dozens or hundreds of them. Delete them one by
one by clicking once to the hidden bookmark, then click on Delete. Then
repeat. See screen shot below.

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_3ec380c0.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_3ec380c0.png)

  

  

Final Tips and Reminders:

**Warning:** After you create your bookmarks and link to them, if you edit the
names of the bookmarks, or edit the linked text, you might damage the
viability of your links (I made this mistake multiple times in earlier Style
Guide revisions!). Even if the links work in your Word document, they may not
work in the final ebook.

**Checking your Epub:** Always check your intra-book links and your NCX links
in your finished .epub (Adobe Digital Editions is great for this. Download it
for free at www.adobe.com/products/digitaleditions/). If you discover your
links aren’t working, or if you have missing links, then you’ll need to repair
them. Just because your links work in your document doesn’t mean they’ll work
in your ebook outputs. Be sure to test your EPUB version after you publish. If
the cause of the problem is not obvious, you may need to remove all your
intra-document hyperlinks, delete your bookmarks, and then recreate the
bookmarks and retarget your links to the bookmarks.

**Troubleshooting Reminders:** Did you delete your hidden bookmarks as your
last step? If you click **Insert: Bookmark** to open the window above, and you
click a link at left and then click “G **o To** ” on the right, does it take
you to the proper destination? Does it show your bookmark appropriately
applied to only the target phrase, and not overlapping to paragraphs above or
below? If you note that the target bookmark overlaps multiple paragraphs
(bad!), it’ll prevent your NCX from linking properly. To fix, delete the
bookmark and then reapply.

**Reminder:** Word has an automatic ToC generation feature under the reference
tab that uses field codes. **Do not use this.** It uses automated headings and
formatting to generate the ToC and this will un-normalize your text and cause
font conversion issues in your Smashwords files.

  
  

Kudos: My thanks to Smashwords author Cheryl Anne Gardner for conducting the
initial research which served as the foundation for our section above on how
to create a Linked Table of Contents.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 21
Step 21{{{1
Step 21 - Front Matter ( _Important!!!_ )

Front matter is stuff that goes in the first few pages of your book, before
the start of your book. Examples of front matter include the book title, the
copyright page, the license statement, and sometimes acknowledgements, book
blurbs and summaries of “other books by this author.”

Try to keep your front matter brief. Most retailers only make the first 5-10%
of your book available as a free sample, so if your front matter is long, it
might prevent readers from getting a free sample.

In the subsections that follow, we’ll take a look at the different pieces that
can comprise your front matter.


* Step 21a
Step 21a{{{1
Step 21a - Blurbs (optional)

Note: Front-of-the-book blurbs (testimonials or snippets of reviews) are not
required for inclusion in the Smashwords Premium Catalog. In fact, there are
potential downsides to adding blurbs inside the book. If you add too much
testimonial content to the front of your book, it can decrease readership
because it can create distance between the reader and the start of your book.
The reader doesn’t want to flip multiple pages to start reading. The blurbs
also count toward your free sample at the retailers, which means readers who
download your free sample may not even reach the start of the book if blurbs
are too long.

I’d recommend you keep blurbs out of your front matter and instead use choice
quotes in the metadata of your book description. You’ll provide Smashwords
your book description on the Smashwords Publish page, at the time you upload
your book.

If still want blurbs in your book, consider using them at the end of your book
to promote other books, or, if you insist on having them in your front matter,
put them at the very top of the book, before the Title & Copyright page (see
the Dan Poynter example below). If you include testimonials, they should be
real and honest. If you falsify the testimonial or review, and your reader
feels tricked, they may seek retribution by giving you a bad review on
Smashwords or at the retailer’s store. Nothing kills a book faster than bad
reviews.

Here’s how self-publishing guru Dan Poynter begins his Smashwords book, “Dan
Poynter’s Self-Publishing Manual Volume 2”

  
  

What Others are Saying about The Self-Publishing Manual

  
  

“Poynter is at his best when discussing such specifics as starting one’s own
publishing house; dealing with printers; establishing discount, credit, and
return policies; promoting, advertising, and selling a book; and order
fulfillment.”

\-- Publishers Weekly

“As usual, our self-publishing guru, Dan Poynter, is on the cutting edge of
the New Book Publishing Model. Volume II couldn't come at a better time...when
we so desperately need it!”

\-- Ellen Reid, www.bookshepherding.com


* Step 21b
Step 21b{{{1
21b - Title and Copyright Page (REQUIRED)

  
  

On the first page of your book (unless you add the blurbs above), insert a
title and copyright page. This page will look best if you center it.

This page is required to publish at Smashwords. The copyright portion should
be in English, even if the rest of your book is written in another language
(it’s okay to list it in the book’s language too).

This page is where you identify yourself as the author and claim copyright
ownership of your book (reminder: if you’re not the original author, or you’re
not the **exclusive** publisher or distributor of this book, your book does
not belong on Smashwords. Public domain books are not allowed unless you are
the original author. Private Label Rights articles and other similarly scammy
works are not allowed).

_Tip_ **:** Your title/copyright page is the first impression you make on your
reader. Make it look professional. Center the title and copyright page by
following the tips above in Step 14A. Although you can use Word’s center
command (the button is in your toolbar) to center text, it’s not as reliable
as applying a custom style that defines centering. If you’re centering the
text on this page, do not use any first line indents. Also base your text on
the “Normal” paragraph style (or a custom paragraph style based on Normal),
and don’t use more than two different font sizes (looks ugly).

Your ebook is published by you (the author or publisher) at Smashwords.

Although not required, we recommend you place either **Smashwords Edition** on
the copyright page, or " **Published by [Authorname] at Smashwords** ,"
(remove the quote marks and brackets), or, “Distributed by Smashwords,” or, if
you’re a multi-author publisher, **Published by [the name of the publisher
publishing it on Smashwords] at Smashwords**. This identifies Smashwords as
the originator of your book when it’s distributed, and helps make Smashwords
accountable to retailers and customers for any file errors. By naming
Smashwords you also identify yourself as part of the world’s largest community
of indie authors which includes many New York Times and USA Today bestsellers.

Although some Smashwords authors consider Smashwords their publisher, we
consider _you_ the publisher. Smashwords is your distributor, and your ebook
publishing platform.

**Avoid** long copyright pages. Shorter is better because it allows the reader
to start reading your book faster.

A title/copyright page requires the following:

  
  

Book Title

Authorname

  

**Published by Firstname Lastname [or PublisherName] at Smashwords** (without
the bold)

(or, alternatively, if you don’t want to use the “Published by...” line, add
the words, **Smashwords Edition** on the next line, or **Distributed by
Smashwords**. We recommend you select one of the above options, but this is
optional and not required)

  

Copyright 2010 Authorname

  

  

(Optional: if you have multiple titles at Smashwords, write:)

Discover other titles by Authorname:

Title 1

Title 2

Title 3

  

  

***~~~***

Here’s the world’s shortest Smashwords title/copyright page:

***~~~***

  

  
  

Formatting is Fun

Published by Mark Coker at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Mark Coker

  

  

***~~~***

Here’s another good one

***~~~***

  

  
  

Formatting is Fantastically Fun

By Mark Coker

Copyright 2013 Mark Coker

Smashwords Edition

  

  

**Do not** write "Kindle Edition” or “Ebook available at Apple iBooks;”
otherwise it won’t qualify for the Premium Catalog. This is your Smashwords
Edition. Also don’t write, “Printed in the United States,” because this is
your Smashwords ebook, not your print edition. You don’t want to confuse
readers.

**Linking Rules -** As a courtesy to ebook retailers that promote and sell
your book, please restrict your hyperlinks to only your Smashwords author
page, or your personal home page or blog. Do not add hyperlinks to online
ebook retailers that compete with current or future Smashwords retail
distribution partners. It’s not considerate, for example, to advertise your
Kindle ebook in your ebook sold at Barnes & Noble and Apple iBooks. Such
advertising will only confuse their customers, and in the case of iBooks will
cause Apple to reject your book. Similarly, don’t encourage readers to visit a
specific retailer to leave a review. “Please remember to leave a review for my
ebook at Amazon” is bad, but “Please remember to leave a review for my book at
your favorite retailer” is great.

Avoid language that prompts the reader to leave the retailer and go elsewhere
to purchase your book. For example, “Buy my books on my web site” or “Buy my
books at Smashwords” is bad, but “Visit my Smashwords author page at [insert
your author page address]” or “Favorite my Smashwords author page at [insert
your author page address]” or “Visit my web site at [insert address]” are
fine.

It’s not necessary to place your ISBN inside your ebook. Instead, you’ll
attach your ISBN via your Smashwords Dashboard’s ISBN Manager feature at
Smashwords. If you don’t have an ISBN, Smashwords will supply you one for
free. If you don’t attach an ISBN via the ISBN Manager screen, your book
cannot ship to major retailers such as Apple and Kobo.

If the book is also available in a print edition, rather than naming
retailers, just write, “This book is available in print at most online
retailers.”

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 21c
Step 21c{{{1
21c - Add a Smashwords License Statement below Copyright Page (Optional but
recommended)

All Smashwords books are sold DRM-free, without copy protection or encryption.
This means you’re trusting your customers not to pirate your books. In our
experience, the vast majority of customers are honest. Yet without proper
education and reminders, a well-intentioned but enthusiastic fan might feel
inclined to share your book with someone else.

To minimize this accidental piracy, we encourage Smashwords authors and
publishers to add the **Smashwords License Statement** to their book. Feel
free to modify the Smashwords License Statement to suit your preferences. Or,
for authors and publishers who prefer a [Creative
Commons](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/) license, that’s acceptable too.

The Smashwords License Statement is an original creation of Smashwords, and it
has been widely adopted by thousands of ebook authors and even some
competitors. The Smashwords License Statement acts as a friendly Trojan horse.
Even if your book is accidentally copied or shared, the recipient of the book
is gently reminded of their legal and ethical obligation to support the
author.

To use it for your book, add the following text to the title page or copyright
pages of books that carry a price:

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

(Note: if you copy and paste this into your manuscript, be sure to remove the
paragraph returns that may appear at the end of each line)

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be
re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book
with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If
you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for
your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase
your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

  
  

License Statements for books priced at FREE

If your book is free, it can still have a license statement. The wording is up
to you. Do you want to grant readers the right to redistribute the book for
non-commercial purposes, or do you want to restrict the book to their
enjoyment only and invite them to ask others to download the book on their own
at an authorized retailer? Here are two potential suggested license statements
for free books:

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your
friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-
commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.
If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to
discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

  

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted
property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial
or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your
friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer.
Thank you for your support.

  
  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 22
Step 22{{{1
Step 22 - The End of Your Book – Create Great End Matter

Many authors end their book with a period, and then give the reader nothing
more. Don’t squander this opportunity. If your reader makes it to the end of
the book, reward them with end matter (a.k.a. back matter)!

First, add a ### centered on the next line to signify the end.

###

  

Next, consider adding a personal message. Put yourself into the mind of the
reader. They just finished your book. They loved it. They think the author
(that’s you!) is absolutely fabulous. They want to read more of your material.
This is an opportunity to connect with the reader.

Here’s what your message might say, immediately after the ### (customize it to
suit your voice):

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a
moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?

Thanks!

Jane Author

  
  

Also take this opportunity to add other important end matter for the benefit
of your readers. Add these three sections:

  

About the author:

[Insert a short bio, possibly even your picture. If you created a Smashwords
Interview (learn how to create one at
<https://www.smashwords.com/manageinterview/info>) then provide a hyperlink to
your interview) you could add a link to your interview at the end of your bio.

  

  

  

Discover other titles by Authorname

Title 1

Title 2

Title 3

  

(^^ please note the titles above should be listed as plain text, and not
hyperlinked to a particular retail store, otherwise Apple may reject it)

  

Connect with Me:

  

**Follow me on Twitter:** http://twitter.com/[insert your twitter address]

**Friend me on Facebook:** http://facebook.com/[insert your facebook address]

**Subscribe to my blog:** http://

**Favorite me at Smashwords:** http:// [link to your author page] (to find the
address for your author page, simply click on My Smashwords [that’s it!])

  

* Remember to make the hyperlinks “live” by highlighting the text you want to hyperlink, right-mouse click on the text, then insert the http:// hyperlink. Direct hyperlinks make it easy for your readers to connect.

  

  

Next, consider providing a few sample chapters of another one of your books.
This is an especially powerful marketing technique if you write series
fiction. Provide the reader the first few chapters of the next book in the
series and get them hooked now!

  

If you take advantage of back matter, remember to create a Table of Contents
up in your front matter, immediately preceding the start of your book, and
link each of the elements with your Linked ToC. So, for example, as I showed
you up in Step 20a, if you wrote a novel, your linked ToC at the beginning of
your book might look like this:

  

Table of Contents


* POST-FORMATTING
POST-FORMATTING{{{1
Prologue

About Jane Smith

Other books by Jane Smith

Connect with Jane Smith

  

If you’re publishing a collection of short stories, or a boxed set of multiple
full-length novels, the ToC might look like this:

  

Table of Contents

About this collection

Story title 1

Story title 2

Story title 3

About Jane Smith

Other books by Jane Smith

Connect with Jane Smith

  

For a quick tutorial on how to create a linked Table of Contents, watch my
YouTube video titled, [How to Add Navigation to Smashwords
Ebooks](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpB9hmlgeU4).

  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  

## POST FORMATTING

  

  

**Congratulations!** You’ve carefully studied and implemented the formatting
instructions above, and now your formatting fun comes to a close. Now you turn
your attention to final preparations as you prepare to unleash your
masterpiece upon the world.

  
  


* Step 23
Step 23{{{1
Step 23 - Prepare Your Cover Image

Your ebook cover image is the first impression you make on your prospective
reader. Book covers are one of your most important marketing tools. When you
upload your manuscript, you’ll be asked to attach your book cover as an image
file. An image file usually ends with the file extension .JPG or .png.

Book cover images are required for the Smashwords Premium Catalog.

**What Makes a Great Cover?** Here are three tips:

**1\. Don’t design it yourself** – Unless you’re a professional graphic
designer, don’t design your own cover. Your cover should look professional,
not amateur. Your cover needs to look as good as or better than what the big
NY publishers and bestselling indie authors are putting out. Check out the
bestseller lists for books in your category or genre. Your cover needs to look
better than that. Given the importance of cover design, the services of paid
professionals are ridiculously cheap. On my Mark’s List, most of the cover
designers charge under $100. Check out their portfolios. If you don’t love
them, no problem, there are hundreds of great cover designers out there and
most will charge under $300.

**2\. Know your target reader** – Before you hire a designer for your cover,
you should be very clear about the profile of your target reader. Sure, you
might have written a romance, but what type of romance reader will enjoy your
book the most? Is it a sweet romance or a steamy erotic thriller? Make your
cover hyper focused to appeal to that target reader. If your cover attracts
the wrong readers, your reviews will suffer.

**3\. Great cover images make a promise** – If you strip away the title and
author name from your cover image, what promise would your image make to the
reader? If you write fiction, the image should promise an emotional
experience. In my blog post titled, [ Six Tips to Bring Your Book Back from
the Doldrums](http://blog.smashwords.com/2013/03/six-tips-to-read-reader-tea-
leaves-how.html), I shared this advice:

_Here’s a quick test, and a challenge:_ If you were to strip away the title
and author name, does the image tell the reader, “this is the book you’re
looking for to experience [the feeling of _first love_ for romance; _fear_ for
horror; _edge of your seat suspense_ for thrillers; _knowledge_ for a non-
fiction how-to; an _inspiring personal journey_ for a memoir, etc].”

To learn more tips about the importance of covers, and what distinguishes a
great cover from a poor cover, download my free best practices ebook, [The
Secrets to Ebook Publishing
Success](https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/145431). You might also enjoy
watching the companion video on YouTube, where I speak at length about cover
design and other important tips that will help your book be more successful.
You’ll find the complete collection of Smashwords videos here:
<http://www.youtube.com/user/Smashwords/> Here’s a direct link to the video on
best practices: <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jnd7jYcjqm8>

Unlike print books which have a front cover, back cover and spine, ebooks only
have a front cover.

**Mechanical Requirements for Book Covers** \- Book covers must be shaped like
a book cover (a vertical [upright] rectangle, not a square) and should include
your book title and author name.

Keep your cover image tasteful and avoid obscenity.

1,600 pixels wide by 2,400 pixels tall is generally a good dimension, or such
similar ratio. **The image must be at least 1,400 pixels wide** , and the
height should be greater (taller) than the width. A good guideline is to make
the height between 1.3 and 1.6 times greater than the width. I think 1.5 to
1.6 usually looks best, though you and your cover designer have some
flexibility here.

You can view how different dimensions look at [
http://blog.smashwords.com/2012/06/new-ebook-cover-image-
requirements.html](http://blog.smashwords.com/2012/06/new-ebook-cover-image-
requirements.html)

Book covers cannot contain nudity, a price, or a web address (Apple, for
example, will reject your book if they see a hyperlink on the book cover
image), or advertisements of items not already included in the book.

It must include the book title and author name, and the title and author name
must match the title and author name inside your book and in the metadata
(Metadata is what you enter on the Publish page, such as the book title,
author name, book description. Metadata = data about something else, and in
this case the “something” else is your book).

The cover cannot be grainy, blurry or pixelated. Pixelation occurs when you
start with a small image and expand the dimensions.

Make the text crisp and clear. When ebook retailers display your cover, it’ll
be shrunk to the size of a postage stamp, so you want all the cover elements
to look good in a small image. This means if you make your title or author
name too small on the cover, it’ll be invisible in the thumbnail.

Your image must be in RGB color, not CMYK (at the risk of getting too
technical, most image files are RGB [stands for red, green, blue], which is
what’s supported by computer monitors. CMYK is a format for printing ink on
paper. Most image processing applications will give you RGB automatically. If
your image is in CMYK, it will be rejected by Smashwords [assuming we catch
it. If we don’t catch it, the retailer will reject it]. Note that it is not
easy to tell if your image is in RGB or CMYK. If your image opens in a Firefox
browser, it’s RGB. If it doesn’t, then it’s probably CMYK. Your cover designer
will understand.)

**Tip:** Immediately after publishing your book at Smashwords, it’ll be
featured on the Smashwords home page if it has a cover. Your home page feature
typically lasts anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour, depending upon how
quickly you roll off the page when others publish after you. Therefore, don’t
upload your book to Smashwords until you have a good looking cover image
because you want to take full advantage of your 15 minutes of fame. If you
upload without a cover, the book will miss the home page feature, even if you
upload the cover hours later.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 24
Step 24{{{1
Step 24 - Before You Publish, Review Requirements for Premium Distribution

Distribution is important. Think of it as virtual shelf space. To gain
inclusion in the Premium Catalog, read the [Smashwords
Distribution](https://www.smashwords.com/distribution) page at
<http://www.smashwords.com/distribution> and double check you have satisfied
all the requirements.

#### Common Errors that will disqualify your book from the Premium Catalog:

If you carefully studied and implemented the Style Guide, you’ll have no
problem gaining inclusion in the Premium Catalog. Here are some common issues
that prevent inclusion:

**1.** Book cover is missing, or doesn’t satisfy dimensional requirements
(should be vertical rectangle, not a square, and not a sideways rectangle), or
needs to be cropped, or is missing the title of the book and author name. Book
cover should be at least 1,400 pixels wide, and for the height, a good
guideline is to make it 1.5 to 1.6 times taller than the width. For example,
if your width is 1,600 (I recommend doing slightly larger than the minimum
1,400), your height would be 2,400 pixels if you’re aiming for the 1.5 ratio
(1.5*1,600=2,400) or 2,560 pixels tall for the 1.6 ratio (1.6*1,600=2,560).
More instructions and visual examples at [
http://blog.smashwords.com/2012/06/new-ebook-cover-image-
requirements.html](http://blog.smashwords.com/2012/06/new-ebook-cover-image-
requirements.html)

**2.** Your author name in the metadata is lower case when it should be
Initial Caps, such as: Jane Smith. If you list your name as jane smith in your
metadata, we’ll flag it for you to repair. To fix, go to Account: Edit Account
Information at <https://www.smashwords.com/account/edit>

**3.** The book description or book title you enter on the Publish page is ALL
CAPS. We strongly discourage ALL CAPS. ALL CAPS=SCREAMING on the Internet.

**4.** Poor paragraph construction. Don’t mix block paragraphs with first line
indented paragraphs for the body of your book. Don’t use tabs or space bar
spaces to create indents.

**5.** Missing an ISBN in the Dashboard’s ISBN Manager. Although we don’t
require an ISBN for inclusion in the Premium Catalog, if you don’t attach an
ISBN in your Dashboard’s ISBN Manager then we cannot distribute your book to
Apple and Kobo.

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 25
Step 25{{{1
Step 25 - How to Upload Your Book!

Once your book is properly formatted and you have your awesome-looking cover
image prepared, click the “Publish” link from the main menu, anywhere on the
site. Do not click this link if you want to upload a new version of a book you
previously uploaded (instead, go to Dashboard: “Upload new version”).

On the Publish page, you’ll fill out all the data associated with your book,
and you’ll attach your book file and your cover file. Before you click the
[publish] link at the bottom of the page, triple check that you filled out all
the options above.

If you price your book at “Reader Sets the Price,” this option is available
for customers who purchase at Smashwords.com, but is not supported by our
retailers. Barnes & Noble will not accept Reader Sets the Price books. If you
choose this option, your book price will default to $4.95 for other, non-B&N
retailers. You can modify this default retailer price by clicking to
Dashboard: Settings afterward and select a different default price for retail
distribution only (though the book will still not ship to B&N).

Choose a price that ends in $.99, because Apple requires all prices to end in
$.99 (although free is acceptable as well). If you provide a price that
doesn’t end in $.99, Smashwords will raise your price to the nearest $.99 when
we ship to Apple, and for Apple only. Therefore, if you give us a price of
$1.20, it’ll become $1.99 at Apple.

Choose a sampling percentage. This is the percentage of the book that can be
downloaded as a free sample, calculated from the first page of the book. Most
authors select 15-20%. If you don’t make a free sample available, the book
will sell poorly at the Smashwords store. Customers want samples. Also, if you
don’t designate a sampling percentage, your book won’t be available at Aldiko,
our mobile app catalog partner for Android devices. Whether or not you set a
sampling percentage at Smashwords, our retail distribution partners, will
generate their own sample files, usually of the first 5 to 20% from the start
of the book forward.

After you click the [publish] button at the bottom of the Publish page, your
browser will pause for several seconds as your file uploads to Smashwords. If
you have a slow internet connection, your browser may pause for 60 seconds or
longer. While it’s paused, do not click your browser’s reload button, because
it could cause you to double-publish the book. Next, you should progress to
the conversion page with a spinning wheel. You do not need to watch the
spinning wheel. Conversions are near-instantaneous, usually about two to five
minutes.

If you click the [publish] button and it bounces you back to the previous
page, carefully read the error messages before proceeding. If you’re having
problems uploading, visit the Smashwords Support center at
<https://www.smashwords.com/about/supportfaq#Uploading> for troubleshooting
tips.

Once your book is finished converting, it will immediately go live on the
Smashwords home page where you’ll receive your 15 minutes of fame until new
titles after your own bump you off the page. You’ll also receive an email,
confirming the ebook conversion and reporting AutoVetter errors, if any.
Carefully review the email for AutoVetter messages (see the next Step, Step
26).

If your book is part of a series, use our exclusive Series Manager feature to
make your series book more discoverable to readers at Smashwords and our
retail partners. You’ll find Series Manager in your Dashboard. Learn more
about Series Manager here: [ http://blog.smashwords.com/2013/09/new-
smashwords-series-manager-
improves.html](http://blog.smashwords.com/2013/09/new-smashwords-series-
manager-improves.html)

If your book doesn’t have any AutoVetter errors, it will automatically be
considered for Premium Catalog inclusion. Once our vetting team approves your
book for the Premium Catalog, it will begin shipping to our retailers.

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 26
Step 26{{{1
Step 26 – Review AutoVetter Messages

AutoVetter is your friend.

AutoVetter is our automated formatting checker that inspects your book the
moment you upload it. AutoVetter provides you instant feedback regarding
potential formatting problems. If you get AutoVetter messages, don’t despair!
They’re easy to fix.

The AutoVetter messages are accessible to you in four places:

**1.** On your publish confirmation page (the page that appears after your
Meatgrinder conversion completes).

**2.** At the top of your book page.

**3.** In your publish-confirmation email we automatically send you following
your upload.

**4.** In your Dashboard, underneath the “Premium Status” column. If the
Dashboard link reads, “requires modification,” click the link.

Once you learn of an AutoVetter error, please fix it immediately. Otherwise,
the errors will prevent or delay your book’s acceptance into the Smashwords
Premium Catalog which will prevent distribution. Once you fix the issue, go to
your Dashboard and click the “upload new version” link.

Just because AutoVetter flags a potential error doesn’t mean Smashwords is
“rejecting” your book. You’d be surprised how often authors email us to
complain that Smashwords keeps rejecting their book. AutoVetter analyzes your
book for several potential problems, and its analysis is usually accurate.


* Step 27
Step 27{{{1
Step 27 - After You Publish: Check Your Work

After your book appears on the site, check the formats for quality. The more
formats you offer, the better your ability to serve your readers. If a certain
format doesn’t do your book justice, you can deactivate it. For example, if
you publish a picture book for children, our .TXT and .PDB formats won’t show
images, so you might want to deactivate them. If the images are nice-to-have
but not need-to-have, then it’s probably okay to leave those formats in place
because more formats open you up to more readers.

EPUB is your most important format, because this is what we distribute to the
retailers. It is a requirement for inclusion in the Premium Catalog. The MOBI
format is very popular for the many Kindle owners who shop at Smashwords. Even
if you already distribute to Amazon on your own, many Smashwords customers
prefer to buy Kindle books at Smashwords.com so **DO NOT** deactivate your
MOBI format. At present, we only distribute a limited number of titles to
Amazon, pending Amazon creating automated systems to support the bulk
ingestion of Smashwords ebooks. See <http://smashwords.com/distribution> for
our current criteria for Amazon distribution.

To check the quality of your EPUB file (very important), download and install
the free [Adobe Digital
Editions](http://www.adobe.com/products/digitaleditions/) reader software from
Adobe. Once you install it, simply visit your book page and click on the link
to download your full EPUB.

To check the MOBI format, which is used by the Amazon Kindle customers,
download the free [Kindle for PC](http://www.amazon.com/gp/kindle/pc) software
or if you’re on a Mac, [Kindle for Mac](http://www.amazon.com/gp/kindle/mac).
Once you have this installed, you can click on the MOBI version of your book
and it’ll instantly open in this helpful Kindle app. If you have a Kindle, you
can also download it to the Kindle (see instructions in the Smashwords FAQ).

Usually a quick look at the HTML reader version will help you spot obvious
formatting problems, because it acts like a canary in a coal mine. If things
aren’t right, it’ll let you know! Don’t worry if page breaks aren’t where you
expected them (this is normal and okay!). After you correct any problems, go
to your **Dashboard** and then click **Upload a New Version** next to your
title. From there, you can re-upload your file.

  
  


* Step 27a
Step 27a{{{1
Step 27a – Check for EPUBCHECK Compliance

If you want your book distributed to the Apple iBookstore, the EPUB file we
generated for you must pass EPUBCHECK, which is an industry standard
compliance validation tool. We’ve built a lot of magic into Meatgrinder that
automatically repairs many EPUBCHECK problems without your intervention, but
we can’t fix them all.

If your book doesn’t pass EPUBCHECK, it means there’s a problem with the
source file you uploaded to Smashwords, and your book won’t ship to Apple. If
your book fails EPUBCHECK, AutoVetter will tell you. We’ll notify you via
email, and you’ll also see other on-screen messages at Smashwords.

**If your book fails EPUBCHECK, here’s how to learn more:** Click to
<http://smashwords.com/epubcheck> to view our tips on how to identify and
repair EPUBCHECK errors. Take another deep breath. **No, you’re not stupid!**
The confusing errors are stupid. Welcome to the early days of the ebook
revolution. We’re confident these tools will continue to get better over time.

As the link above will suggest, there’s a free online validator that will help
you learn more about your EPUBCHECK errors. Simply download your EPUB file to
your computer’s desktop, and then upload the file to this free validation
service: <http://validator.idpf.org/> . Click [browse] to locate your file on
your desktop, then click [validate] to run the test. If your book passes,
it’ll tell you. Congratulations! Go celebrate.

If it fails, it’ll toss up (mostly) incomprehensible spaghetti language
telling you why your book failed. Take a deep breath (Very important). Try to
study and understand the messages, but don’t pull out too much hair if it’s
confusing, because it is SUPER-CONFUSING.

If the tips below don’t help you, or you find they drive your EPUB-addled
brain to the breaking point, one of the most effective methods to repair the
problem is to reformat your book using the Nuclear Method described above in
this guide, because the Nuclear Method will clear out all the gunk you cannot
see (it’ll also remove all your formatting, so use it carefully). Or, if you’d
rather pay someone to fix the problem for you, visit
<http://www.smashwords.com/list> to hire a low-cost emotional life preserver
(an ebook formatter).

Common Reasons for EPUBCHECK Failure:

**Missing the “http://” in Web Address -** If your book contains improperly
formed hyperlinks, it’ll fail EPUBCHECK. For example, if you right mouse click
on a hyperlink, and you see the link points to **www.website.com** instead of
http **://** www.website.com, it’ll fail.

**Missing the “mailto:” in front of an email address** \- If you’re linking to
a live email address, the email address underneath the hyperlink (right mouse
click then click **Edit Hyperlink** to see) should begin with “ **mailto:** ”
so it looks like **mailto:emailaddy@email.com** where, of course, you’ll
replace emailaddy@email.com with the actual email address.

**HTML and Styling errors** – This is a catch-all for “that which we mere
mortals cannot understand.” Microsoft Word often contains the remnants of old
or hidden styling that you can’t see with the naked eye, especially if your
book originated in a program other than Microsoft Word, or if your book was
once in HTML form. Unless you’re a geek or HTML expert, these errors, even
after studying the EPUBCHECK error reporting, are very difficult to decipher
and identify. If you can’t figure it out on your own, you may need to reformat
your book from scratch by implementing the Nuclear Method, which will purge
all the hidden corruption. The Nuclear Method will also purge all other
formatting.

**Misidentified Image Files** \- If Word thinks your image is a Gif file when
it’s really a JPEG, for example, this can cause an EPUBCHECK error. To fix,
delete the image along with a couple paragraph returns above and below the
image, and then re-import the image.

**Properties Error** \- If you examine the **Properties** in your Word file
(In Word 2000 & 2003, go to **File: Properties** ; in Word 2007 click on the
round Office button at the upper left of the screen, then hover your mouse
pointer over **Prepare** , then click **Properties)** and you see strange HTML
characters in there, remove them.

**PlayOrder Error** – If you see “playorder” in the spaghetti messages, try
deleting your table of contents and retype it, following the step by step
outlined in the ToC section above. Make sure you created your linked ToC using
the bookmark method, and not Word’s ToC field codes.

You’ll find more troubleshooting tips at <http://smashwords.com/epubcheck>

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 2 8
Step 2 8{{{1
Step 28 – Achieving Premium Catalog Approval

Once your book is accepted into the Smashwords Premium Catalog, it’s eligible
for distribution to major ebook retailers including Apple iBooks, Barnes &
Noble, Kobo, Oyster, Scribd and others. It’ll also be available for
distribution to public libraries via OverDrive and Baker & Taylor Axis 360.

**How to Check Your Premium Catalog Status** \- To check your Premium Catalog
status, visit your Dashboard and look under the “Premium Status” column. If it
says “pending review,” it means you’re waiting for Smashwords to manually
approve your book for the catalog. The process can take up to a week or two,
depending on the backlog.

If it says “modifications required,” click on the link to see what
modifications are required. Make these corrections immediately so you increase
your odds of gaining inclusion in the Premium Catalog the first time our
vetting team looks at your book.

If it’s waiting for you to submit your book for consideration, click the link
in your Dashboard then click the resubmit button on the next page.

Each time you make a change to your book, the status may change to “Needs
Submission” until you click the resubmit button. The resubmit button, which
you’ll see after you make any change other than price, is your way of telling
our review team that your new changes are ready for review. After you click
the resubmit button, your status will change to “pending review.” Don’t worry,
if your book was previously approved for the Premium Catalog, the previously
approved version will continue to ship in the meantime. We also fast track
reviews when earlier versions of the same book were already approved for the
catalog.

**After your book is approved –** Once your book is approved for the Premium
Catalog, it will ship to participating retailers in the next shipment. Over
the last two years, we’ve dramatically increased the speed of our shipments.
As of this writing, we ship daily, seven days per week to Apple, Scribd,
Oyster, Baker & Taylor and Kobo. Shipments to Apple go out 96 times per day,
so it’s not uncommon for a book or price change to appear same day or within
hours. For Barnes & Noble and FlipKart, we ship five days per week. For
OverDrive we ship once per week on Monday evening. You can check shipment
status by clicking on the Channel Manager link in your Dashboard. After your
book ships, it may take anywhere from one to three business days for your book
to appear at each retailer, not counting weekends. This is determined by the
retailer, not Smashwords. If it’s taking longer than 10 days for your book to
appear somewhere after your Channel Manager says it has shipped, please report
it to the Smashwords support team by clicking the “Support” link at the bottom
of any Smashwords web page. Our team is standing by to help you!

Learn more about the Premium Catalog and its distribution outlets at
<http://www.smashwords.com/distribution>

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Step 2 9
Step 2 9{{{1
Step 29 - How to Market Your Book

Although Smashwords makes it free and easy to publish and distribute an ebook,
it’s your responsibility to promote your book. Read my free companion guide,
[The Smashwords Book Marketing
Guide](http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/305) at
<http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/305> for a complete overview of how to
use Smashwords to promote and sell your book. I provide over 30 book marketing
and author platform-building tips, all free to implement.


* Step  30
Step  30{{{1
Step 30 – Learn the Best Practices of the Bestselling Smashwords Authors

In March 2012, I published [The Secrets to Ebook Publishing
Success](https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/145431) and have updated it
several times since then. This free ebook examines 30 best-practices of the
most commercially successful Smashwords authors. Learn how to maximize your
success as an indie author and publisher. Even if you don’t yet publish and
distribute with Smashwords, this free resource will help you become a more
professional, more successful author or publisher.

  


* Step 3 1
Step 3 1{{{1
Step 31 – Watch our Video Workshops on YouTube

In September and October of 2013, I uploaded narrated recordings of five
workshops. The five workshops comprise eight hours of training material. It’s
like an intensive all-day digital publishing seminar.

You’ll find them all at <http://www.youtube.com/user/Smashwords> Maybe someday
we’ll create a formatting workshop!

  
  

Here are direct links:

**#1** \- An Introduction to Ebook Publishing (a primer and e-publishing
checklist)

<http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khM4czIJUVM>

  
  

**#2** \- The Secrets to Ebook Publishing Success (best practices secrets for
reaching more readers)

<http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jnd7jYcjqm8>

  
  

**#3** \- Smashwords Survey Helps Authors Sell More Books (pricing strategy
and fun metrics)

<http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rrl4NExo3Y>

  
  

**#4** \- 10 Trends Driving the Future of Authorship (indie authors are the
future of publishing!)

<http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbT7r-DUa6M>

  
  

**#5** \- How to Reach More Readers at Apple iBooks (merchandising secrets to
grow sales!)

<http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKwwcL_FS_c>

  
  

#6 – How to Add Navigation to a Smashwords Ebook

<http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpB9hmlgeU4>


* Send  Feedback
Send  Feedback{{{1
Send Feedback So I Can Improve This Guide!

I hope this guide was useful to you, and I thank you for taking the time to
read it. Please send me your comments and suggestions. Your feedback will help
me improve this guide for other authors.

  

Won’t you please take a moment to tell your friends about Smashwords?

  

Mark Coker

Founder

Smashwords, Inc.

first initial second initial at smashwords dot com

  

Follow me on Twitter - Smashwords news, trends in ebook publishing:

<http://twitter.com/markcoker>

  
  

  


* About the  Author
About the  Author{{{1
About the author

  

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m63ae7ca.png](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m63ae7ca.png)

  

Mark Coker is the founder of Smashwords. He’s also the author of the
[Smashwords Book Marketing Guide](http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/305)
(how to market any book - FREE), [The Secrets to Ebook Publishing
Success](https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/145431) (best practices of the
most successful ebook authors - FREE), [The 10-Minute PR Checklist – Earn the
Publicity You Deserve](https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/58285) (helps
entrepreneurs develop and implement strategic PR programs - $5.99), and [Boob
Tube](http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/3), a novel he co-wrote with his
wife Lesleyann ($2.99). The titles are available at most leading ebook
retailers.

  

  

Connect with Mark

  

Smashwords author page:
[http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/mc](http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/mc)

Smashwords blog: [http://blog.smashwords.com/](http://blog.smashwords.com/)

Twitter: [http://twitter.com/markcoker](http://twitter.com/markcoker)

Facebook:
[http://www.facebook.com/markcoker](http://www.facebook.com/markcoker)

LinkedIn:
[http://www.linkedin.com/in/markcoker](http://www.linkedin.com/in/markcoker)

Huffington Post: [http://www.huffingtonpost.com/mark-
coker](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/mark-coker)

  

Connect with Fellow Smashwords Authors/Publishers

  

The Official Smashwords Facebook Page: <http://facebook.com/Smashwords>

Directory of Smashwords authors on Twitter:
<https://smashwords.com/twitterbuzz/smashwords_authors_on_twitter>

  

Directory of Smashwords authors on Facebook: [
https://www.smashwords.com/socialbuzz/smashwords_authors/latest/facebook](https://www.smashwords.com/socialbuzz/smashwords_authors/latest/facebook)

  

  

[Back to
top](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_000.html#TocTop)

  
  


* Back to top
Back to top{{{1
![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m5efd9555.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_m5efd9555.jpg)

  

  

### The Smashwords Style Guide

By Mark Coker

rev 9.24.14

  

Copyright Mark Coker 2008-2014

  

Smashwords Edition License Notes:

This free ebook may be copied, distributed, reposted, reprinted and shared,
provided it appears in its entirety without alteration, and the reader is not
charged to access it.

  

  

Also by [Mark Coker](http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/mc), Published at
Smashwords:

[Smashwords Book Marketing Guide](http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/305)
(how to market any book)

[The Secrets to Ebook Publishing
Success](https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/145431) (ebook publishing best
practices)

[The 10-Minute PR Checklist - Earn the Publicity You
Deserve](https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/58285) (PR strategy for
entrepreneurs)

[Boob Tube](http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/3) (novel about soap operas)

  

  

![tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_39926b27.jpg](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG_html_39926b27.jpg)

  

**Table of Contents**

  

[GETTING
STARTED](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_001.html#GettingStartedWelcome)

  
  

[Welcome to
Smashwords!](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_001.html#GettingStartedWelcome)

[Do-it-yourself, or hire
help?](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_001.html#DIYorhire)

[Good formatting
example](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_001.html#formatexample)

[What Smashwords publishes, what we don’t
publish](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_002.html#whatSWpubsWhatwedont)

[How to distribute books with
Smashwords](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_003.html#howtodistwSW)

[How ebook formatting is different from print
formatting](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_004.html#HowEBformattingdifferent)

Introduction to Meatgrinder: How we convert your book into multiple ebook
formats

[Understanding the different ebook
formats](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_006.html#UnderstandingDiffEBFormats)

[The beauty and utility of
simplicity](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_007.html#simplicity)

[AutoVetter helps identify common formatting
errors](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_008.html#HowToAvoidAVErrors)

[Your required source
file](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_009.html#YourReqSourceFile)

  
  

[FREQUENTLY ASKED
QUESTIONS](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_009.html#FAQs)

  
  

[FORMATTING](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_009.html#FormattingStart)

  
  

Pre-Prep

[Making Word
Behave](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_010.html#MakingWordBehave)

[Step
1](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_011.html#Step1):
Make a back up

[Step
2](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_012.html#Step2):
Activate Word’s Show/Hide

[Step
3](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_013.html#Step3):
Turn off Word’s “AutoCorrect” and “AutoFormat” features

[Step
4](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_014.html#Step4):
Turn off Track Changes

[Step
5](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_015.html#Step5):
The Nuclear Method

[Step
6](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_016.html#Step6):
Hug a loved one

  
  

Formatting

[Step
7](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_017.html#Step7):
Managing and modifying paragraph styles, fonts

[Step
7a](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_018.html#Step7a).
How to choose the best paragraph separation method (first line indent or
block?)

[Step
7b](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_019.html#Step7b):
How to implement your chosen paragraph separation method

[Step
7b-a](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_020.html#Step7ba):
How to define a proper first line indent

[Step
7b-b](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_021.html#Step7bb):
How to define trailing “after” space for block paragraphs

[Step
7b-c](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_022.html#Step7bc):
Special tips for poetry, cookbooks and learning materials

[Step
7b-d](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_023.html#Step7bd):
How to define proper line spacing

[Step
7b-e](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_024.html#Step7be):
Managing font color

[Step
8](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_025.html#Step8):
Check your normalized text

[Step
9](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_026.html#Step9):
How to automate the removal of tabs and space bar spaces

[Step
10](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_027.html#Step10):
Managing paragraph returns

[Step
11](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_028.html#Step11):
Managing external hyperlinks

[Step
12](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_029.html#Step12):
Designating chapter breaks, page breaks, section breaks

[Step
13](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_030.html#Step13):
Working with images

[Step
14](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_031.html#Step14):
Text justification

[Step
14a](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_032.html#Step14a):
Centering text

[Step
15](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_033.html#Step15):
Managing font sizes

[Step
16](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_034.html#Step16):
Style formatting, symbols and glyphs

[Step
17](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_035.html#Step17):
Headers and footers

[Step
18](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_036.html#Step18):
Margins, page sizes and indents

[Step
19](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_037.html#Step19):
Add the Heading style to your Chapter headers (optional)

  
  

Building Navigation

[Step
20](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_038.html#Step20):
Building navigation into the manuscript

[Step
20a](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_039.html#Step20a):
Creating the NCX

[Step
20b](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_042.html#Step20b):
Creating the linked Table of Contents

[Step
20c](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_043.html#Step20c):
Advanced link building (Footnotes, Endnotes)

[Step
20d](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_044.html#Step20d):
Troubleshooting and testing

  
  

Front Matter

[Step
21](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_045.html#Step21):
Front matter

[Step
21a](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_046.html#Step21a):
Blurbs (optional)

[Step
21b](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_047.html#Step21b):
Title and copyright page (required!)

[Step
21c](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_048.html#Step21c):
Add a Smashwords license statement below copyright page

  
  

The End of Your Book

[Step
22](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_049.html#Step22):
The end of your book

  
  

[POST-
FORMATTING](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_050.html#PostFormatting)

[Step
23](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_051.html#Step23):
Preparing your cover image

[Step
24](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_052.html#Step24):
Review requirements for Premium Catalog distribution

  
  

Uploading Your Book to Smashwords

[Step
25](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_053.html#Step25):
How to upload your book

[Step
26](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_054.html#Step26):
How AutoVetter works

[Step
27](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_055.html#Step27):
After you publish – check your work

[Step
27a](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_056.html#Step27a):
Check for EPUBCHECK compliance (important!)

Distributing Your Book with Smashwords

[Step
28](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_057.html#Step28):
How Smashwords distribution works

  
  

How to Market Your Book

[Step
29](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_058.html#Step29):
Read the Smashwords Book Marketing Guide (how to market any book)

[Step
30](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_059.html#Step30):
Read the Secrets to Ebook Publishing Success (best-practices of successful
authors)

[Step
31](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_060.html#Step31):
Watch our video workshops on YouTube

  
  

Helpful Resources

[Send
Feedback](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_062.html#SendFeedback)

[About the
Author](tmp_7e2a9033e67ea8ebc5a9c59c5ab2b12e_cCXlkG.ch.fixed.fc.tidied.stylehacked.xfixed_split_063.html#Abouttheauthor)

  

APPENDIX

Keyboard shortcuts

  

  

  
  


